Okay,
well, my favorite, probably, all time T V show is STAR TREK.
And I would it like that,
I, I like the adventure of it. And the idea that, that we would survive long enough to get to that point and be able to do these fantastic things in space.
Uh-huh
Uh-huh.
And then I like the,
they have a new one now.
The STAR TREK THE NEXT GENERATION. Which it's an all new cast, but kind of the same idea, going out to new places and, and doing new things and finding out about different people,
Right
and I've, I've always liked that show probably the very best.
Uh-huh.
I think I've actually seen a number of STAR TREKS, one way or another over the years. Uh, although I never watched it regularly.
I'm certainly acquainted with the character the characters.
Uh-huh.
And then I've seen some of the STAR TREK movies.
Yeah,
those,
the movies are good too.
And I, I guess all, most of the shows I like are, are kind of along the same line because they're all adventure
Uh-huh.
When I, when I started thinking about this, that those are some of my favorite shows, MCGYVER, because it's, it's only one person there, more than, uh, you know, instead of a cast of people,
Uh-huh.
but he's always going out and inventing new things out of scrap, and grabbing what he can and, you know, pieces of baling wire and, and a few tires and all of a sudden he's got a hang glider
and
I don't think I, I've even heard of that show.
You haven't?
It's called MCGYVER?
Uh-huh.
And what is, what is he?
He's like a semigovernment type agent. Who goes out then to, uh, works for the Phoenix Foundation, supposedly.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, his big thing is that he can take pieces of, little bits and pieces of string and baling wire and turn them into fantastic different things.
He took a car battery and some wire and two washers one time and made a welder.
Uh-huh.
So he, he does all kinds of strange things like that.
Oh, great.
Boeing ought to hire him and give him a junkyard, and see if he could build a Seven Forty-Seven out of it.
Yeah.
See what we can come up with.
Do you like the, uh, news shows, TWENTY TWENTY, SIXTY MINUTES, those kind of things?
Well, uh, I used to watch SIXTY MINUTES as a matter of fact,
and uh, and I used to like the show very much.
Uh-huh.
But, unfortunately I find getting rid of your T V set, you do throw out some, some of the baby, with the bath water.
Some of the little things,
yeah.
And uh, I just decided I had to do that. I think, in part because it was easy for me to become addicted to it,
I mean I could just sit mindlessly in front of a T V set for hours.
Uh.
And I just realized, I was sort of like an alcoholic,
if I didn't get the booze out of the house, I was going to drink.
Oh.
So.
I guess I haven't ever had any trouble with that.
I have more or less, I have my favorite shows
and I usually make time in my day or my week, you know, to watch those.
Yeah.
But, for the most part, I try, I have small kids and I try and keep it on just a minimum amount of time, really when they're up.
Yeah,
yeah.
Because they're,
I guess that, that, that falls ,
and one of my other favorite shows is SESAME STREET because of the kids.
I like that real well.
Right,
well, when my kids were little, I did have a T V set
and I did watch a lot of SESAME STREET and a lot of ELECTRIC COMPANY, as well.
I don't think they have that on anymore.
Well that would be a shame.
I haven't seen the ELECTRIC COMPANY in a long time.
I, I remember it when I was younger of, you know, catching it on P B S,
but, uh, I don't think they show,
it must be in,
maybe it's in,
if it was in repeats,
but they're not making new ones.
Huh.
I haven't seen it in a long time.
But SESAME STREET is still really good.
Yeah.
How about MISTER ROGERS,
is he still around?
Yes.
Yeah.
They still show MISTER ROGERS.
I don't think he's making new ones,
but they repeat all the old ones.
I see.
I see.
So that's still a real good show too.
I,
that one tends to come on earlier in the day than I want to turn the T V on
Uh-huh.
SESAME STREET comes on from like nine to ten, which is a good time
and everybody is up and had breakfast and dressed and ready to go,
so it's
the timing of, of it is good, besides the what's on.
Right.
I figure your children are preschool?
Yes,
I have two little ones.
Yeah.
So they like that.
Yeah,
I seem to remember those shows being on in the afternoon.
They come on both.
They come on like from nine to ten and then from, uh, five to six.
Uh-huh,
okay.
They just repeat over again. Which is also,
Okay.
that's another thing that's good about it,
when it comes on right in the dinner hour. I can feel like I can let them sit in front of the T V and watch,
and they're watching something worthwhile, while I can make dinner and do things I need to do without them under foot.
Yeah.
Yeah,
little, with little kids the T V set really is a, I mean
I used it as a pacifier.
Yeah.
I'm not sure it was that great for my children,
but they turned out okay,
so.
Uh, it didn't hurt them any.
Yeah.
Some shows are good for,
I think some shows, some,
STAR TREK, I,
for the imagination of it all.
The idea, I, I think that's one of the things I like about STAR TREK.
Uh-huh.
And is, is the,
even in for kids watching some of it can be a little violent sometimes and stuff.
I don't let my little ones watch it,
but the imagination of, look what we can do, you know, in the future, this is, perhaps, this will be possible. That kind of thing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay,
well, I think we've covered most of my favorite T V shows.
Well, I'm trying to think if I ever even had a favorite one at one time, uh.
Let's see, how about, uh, MAN FROM UNCLE?
I do seem to
is that the one where they, uh, he always got this, this tape recording that self-destructed?
That's MISSION IMPOSSIBLE.
Uh, MISSION,
that's right,
MISSION IMPOSSIBLE.
Yeah,
I used to watch that.
In fact, I can still remember a couple of those.
They were,
I thought those were very good.
Yeah,
they always have,
I've, I've seen some of them on repeats.
Yeah.
That uh,
they always had a good plot.
Huh.
It kind of kept you guessing on, on, uh, what was going to happen next
Right.
Right.
You,
How they're going get out of their latest scrape.
Yeah,
I do remember that.
And, uh, I remember as a kid my parents watching the ED SULLIVAN Show.
That was really the big deal in our household,  was the ED SULLIVAN SHOW.
Oh, yeah,
every Saturday night?
Yeah,
I I guess it was a Saturday night,
and I went to see the movie THE DOORS a couple of days ago,
and they had this scene, uh, that portraying THE DOORS' appearance on the ED SULLIVAN SHOW.
Huh.
They even had somebody portraying Ed Sullivan,
and it was very, very funny.
I think it was the funniest part of the, of that movie.
Um.
Well, I don't know,
was there any,
I remember the MILTON BERLE SHOW even,
I was, I was,
I'm not old enough to recall that one
well I guess, I have to admit that I am
My T V viewing started sort of mid-sixties,
so.
I see.
My folks didn't, my folks,
I'm not even sure if we had one when I was really little.
That may be why,
they probably didn't have a T V until I got to be, you know, grade school or so.
Yeah.
And the shows that I like now, they wouldn't let me watch.
I had to catch them all on repeats.
Like STAR TREK, they thought that was much too violent for small children.
So
Huh.
I, I, I ended up watching a lot of these things on, you know, repeats in the afternoons or something.
Yeah.
That's, that's interesting.
Uh, I think it's interesting that parents think that their small children learn violence from TV,
people were just as violent before T V was invented, maybe even more so.
Yeah.
But I guess that's, that's a different topic
isn't it?
Probably so
Well, I think that's about, uh, that's about covered it for me,
so I think I'll say good-bye
and we'll  talk another time perhaps
Yeah.
Well, it was nice talking to you.
Tell me, tell me where you're calling from.
I'm calling from Garland, Texas.
Garland, Texas.
Uh-huh.
All right.
I'm in
Where  are you from?
I'm in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Oh, my goodness.
I didn't know they did it long distance.
Yeah,
I think they're doing it, trying to do it, or I hope they're trying to do it all over the country, because they need to collect all kinds of different different dialects.
Yes.
Well, it was nice talking to you
Same here.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
