Okay,
well, go ahead,
I'll let you start.
Uh, I was thinking about whether or not we should have people, uh, be required to do public service for a year or two.
Uh-huh.
And I was thinking that you needed to put some waivers in there for the handicapped and also for people that had to stay home and maybe be wage earners for their family,
or they had somebody at home that was ill that they had to tend to.
I mean, you can't make it everybody.
Right,
yeah.
But then you need to make it sure that the rich people can't buy somebody off and, and maybe send them in their places or get out of it some other way too.
Uh-huh,
or it could be like the draft where, you know, before they draft you, they uh, you get a physical anyway.
So when they send you a draft notice and then they give you a physical
and if there's nothing physically wrong with you, then you're drafted.
It doesn't matter how rich you are.
That would be good.
And then we could maybe give physicals to the rest of the family members,
right.
What did you say?
Give physicals to the rest of the family members
and they all had to pass.
Oh, yeah.
Uh.
Uh, I thought it a good idea too, though would be to extend this and make people that are accepting public welfare have to do something along this line before they got any money.
Uh-huh,
that's true.
And, uh, if they did this, maybe help them out in their college cost
and maybe they could pay people for doing this, at least something,
so they could subsist.
Well that's true.
America's paying all this money to have other people give, uh, aid to other countries,
so they could be paying their own people and training their own people at the same time.
Yeah.
Because, actually, when you, when you do, uh, service overseas you end up learning something, usually that's, that's really useful, plumbing, or farming, or, or something like that,
so you're really learning a skill
Yeah,
and you know all these old people, they would get out of this right.
All the ones that are already retired.
So what we could do is take all the retired people that are going around in their big mobile homes and they could do public service all over the country.
What did you say?
Uh-huh.
I'm just teasing
Yeah,
I, I, think, well that's probably the idea,
I don't know whether the idea is to be within the country, or outside the country.
Well I thought it would be a good idea if maybe you took some of the kids and had them go over to other countries
and children from their countries came over to ours too, a trade off.
Yeah,
that would be neat,
yeah
sort of like an exchange program.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
And other than that, I can't think of any other ideas.
Yeah,
that'd be sort of neat.
I like the idea of, uh, being, uh, a mandatory thing for welfare.
Course that's what, um,
that's sort of like what Truman had,
or was it Roosevelt,
I can't remember, um,
with the big,
Oh with W P A.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Getting people, uh,
the, the work program and all the, all the make work jobs.
That was sort of public service in a way all the highways they started building.
And we're still using those things too.
What did you say?
We're still using those things.
Yeah,
that's true a lot of them are still out there.
Like all these wonderful highways in West Virginia and no one knows why.
They built lodges before too, like at Caddo Lake.
Lake what?
Caddo Lake.
Caddo Lake.
It's between Texas and Louisiana,
it crosses into both of them.
No,
I've never heard of it.
Well, it's real pretty,
it's like a swamp.
Oh
You know with all the Spanish moss on the trees, it's really, it's eerie.
Oh okay,
real pretty, like a swamp,
oh yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, okay,
yeah,
I been, uh,
I got, uh, talked to someone else before that was a, uh, a Texan,
but I guess that's, uh, that's what we're going to have.
This is, uh, a T I experiment to see how talk,
Texans talk to other people.
I don't know,
where are you from?
Uh, Virginia.
Virginia,
oh, that's neat,
I talked to somebody from Ohio the other night.
Oh yeah,
it is neat to get other people. Especially since you got other, uh, ideas about how people, uh, how people react to things and stuff. Especially when it comes to, um, social services.
Uh, uh, I'm glad they have a lot of, uh, um, you know, topics on social services, because, like this thing, this is a pretty good idea.
I didn't even know if they were thinking about it.
I wonder if they thought about it themselves or whether someone, somewhere is really thinking, that, uh, it would be a good idea to have everybody spend some time in public service.
There is somebody
and I, , uh, I can't remember who it is
but there's a really famous,
of dang,
I can't remember.
Politicians pushing it, or, uh or Mitch Snider. Or Mitch Snider.
That proposed it,
I read something in PEOPLE about it.
Huh.
Mitch Snider, I don't know who Mitch Snider is.
Oh, okay,
well see that's a D C thing.
Mitch Snider is the, the advocate for the homeless that, uh, he, he's said it out here in Washington
but he started the um, uh, the movement for creative nonviolence.
Yeah.
Yeah,
he started that
and that, that was basically a, you know, donate time and money to, uh, help the homeless,
but, uh. uh,
What have your other topics been?
the other topic was, like I said, uh, something about politicians.
I can't remember exactly what it was.
It was real general statement
I had one that I hated.
It was what meal would you cook for, uh, uh special dinner
Gee whiz
yeah.
How far can you go with that one,
right.
Yeah.
Another one, though, that was good was, uh, what do you think about the social changes for the last ten, twenty and thirty years
and what do you think has caused some of the social problems.
Uh-huh,
that would be neat.
I'd have to basically say my birth. *humor
That's probably the best one.
And we had to talk about air pollution too.
What do you think is causing it
and what should we do about it?
Uh-huh.
Well that would be sort of interesting because then you get people from other countries, I mean other parts of the state, you know,
of course Pittsburgh, would say, you know, oh, find the better cheaper ways of burning coal, you know.
Uh-huh,
right.
Cleaner ways of burning coal
and people in the South would say don't burn coal, you know.
Because we don't have much coal.
Oh we have a lot of coal
In Virginia.
But, uh, it's, uh, it's a dirty fuel, that's for sure.
Yeah,
well how did you get into this program.
Excuse me. How did I get into it, oh,
I'm an electrical engineer here in Virginia.
For T I.
No.
No.
Uh, no,
they,
I'm in a telecommunications company
and they, uh, sent it out in our bulk mail so that if any engineers wanted to participate, you know.
So does your company have something to do with T I.
Um, not really,
I mean no more than any other company, you know,
we buy their parts just as much as anybody else.
But, uh, no, no real association with T I other than being in the same industry, electronics industry.
Huh,
uh-huh.
They just, uh, they just sent out a letter to everybody they do business with saying, that you know, if you're interested we're doing a study
and, and since,
And do you know how much, how long this is supposed to go on.
I don't know,
no
I don't.
I don't either.
I mean it says just keep on until
and they'll notify you.
At first I was thinking it was just a week because that's all it shows, you know, on the schedule
but then it seems like it might be longer than a week.
Right.
So what do you think we're going to get?
What do you think,
what.
What do you think we're going to get for this?
Get.
Money,
prizes.
Oh, I don't know.
Do you know anybody that's ever done this?
Get your own, you're going to get you own T I seven thirty-two or something.
I know T I gets prizes.
Oh, I didn't hear about that.
Probably for T I employees.
I was led to believe that if you weren't T I that you get money.
I'm not T I.
Oh, your not, *typo your you're
you don't work for Texas Instruments.
Huh-uh.
Oh, okay.
Let's see, one of my friends had a roommate that worked for T I
and she saw this on her computer and thought it might be neat,
Oh.
so she ran off copies of the thing.
Oh.
And I just signed up for it.
Oh, oh, that's a neat idea.
Yeah.
Uh-huh,
yeah,
well he's gotten a good mix.
I was saying because I've,
like I said, I heard some other people talking that they've talked to different people in different states and stuff.
Uh-huh.
That's good, especially since you call that one eight hundred number
so, so probably knock T I profits margin way down.
And it shouldn't be too good right now anyway, because they've been laying off so many people.
Yeah
right,
this is probably some government study program.
Yeah
really,
so we're footing the bill on our taxes.
Okay.
Okay,
well I enjoyed talking with you.
Okay,
well thanks a bunch,
we'll talk to you later,
bye.
I'm going to save my two year old from the pile of grapes she's diving into.
Well I'm going to try to clean up the house after my two children for about an hour see if we can walk around.
Okay
we'll I'll talk to you.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
