Okay.
So, who's your, uh, favorite team?
Who do you think?
The Dallas Cowboys.
The Dallas Cowgirls, huh.
Yeah.
Well, they did have a fairly decent year finally this year.
Uh-huh.
At least they're coming around.
Yeah,
they're going to get better.
I mean, you know.
Well I mean, you know, I think, uh, once Jimmy Johnson gets his system established, uh, they'll do all right.
Yeah.
As long as Troy Aikman doesn't get hurt again.
That kind of killed them at the end of the season last year.
Uh-huh.
So, I don't, I don't even know who your favorite team is, actually.
I'm a Viking fan.
Okay.
I think I did know that, I just forgot.
Okay.
And they haven't been doing too hot,
so.
Yeah.
Has Herschel Walker done much for them?
No,
in fact, in fact the Cowboys got the best end of that deal.
Definitely.
Well, he was a good player. I guess,
well I don't know,
he just never,
I don't know,
for a while there ,
I've never been over impressed with him.
Well, he could always get past, you know, he'd get past like six or seven tackles and just keep spinning around and get on into the end zone.
But, um, I guess you never could really see him play, because with the Cowboys, while he was with the team, the rest of the team was pretty poor
so you couldn't really tell if it was just him or the team
and I always just assumed that he was too good for the rest of the team.
But, I don't know.
Well, who's the running,
is it Sammy Smith,
or is it, Emmett Smith.
Emmett Smith,
yeah.
Emmett Smith.
he's been doing real good.
I'm pretty impressed with him so far.
Yeah.
Did he, did he actually play in the Pro Bowl.
I remember he was like a backup
and then somebody got injured
and he was supposed to go.
I'm not sure.
Yeah,
I kind of, I haven't been keeping up with football, I mean, in the fall
I, I can go on and on about football,
but since it's kind of off season, it's kind of hard to think back about all that.
But, uh,
Who else is, uh, oh
there's, you know, Mike ,
Minnesota Vikings, used to be the general manager starting the World Football League.
Yeah.
So, and and he was trying to keep, uh, uh,
I can't even think of the guy's name, either, the coach of the Vikings.
Um, I have no idea.
Jerry Burns.
No earthly idea.
he was going to keep him as the coach somehow,
but, uh, I don't know,
I'd like to see the Vikings get revamped somehow.
How did they end up this year?
Did they, did they make it to the play-offs at all?
Well, they started out really bad,
they went like one and six,
and then they won five or six in a row.
Uh-huh.
So they were in a shot to make the play-offs
and they screwed up the last couple of games.
Kind of like the cowboys, huh.
Yeah,
I guess you can,
Except I think the Cowboys are on the upswing
I don't know about the Vikings
Yeah.
Just hadn't heard much about them lately.
And the Cardinals were kind of like the
in fact they were doing better than the Cowboys,
and the Cowboy, Cowboys came on strong at the end of the season,
and the Cardinals got killed by the Cowboys,
so.
Yeah.
Well, the Cardinals, I don't know.
I think the Cowboys probably have a, a better team.
They just,
at the end of the season, the kind of got messed up with Aikman getting hurt, because, uh, Laufenberg just couldn't ever really get it together at all.
Of course, he sat along the sidelines all season,
he never really got in a game, never did a whole lot.
Oh, don't made any excuses for him
Well, I'm just saying I shouldn't, I shouldn't blast him like that, say, oh well, Laufenberg got out there and blew it for them,
I mean, he didn't get to see much action. But, too bad.
Because now, now, you know, he had a shot and, and didn't look too good
and so, no one's going to have much faith in him any more.
Uh-huh.
In fact, I think they're getting a different guy for a backup quarterback.
I haven't, uh, I haven't kept up with it lately,
but I remember reading something a few months ago about them signing somebody else on, or, or trying to go after somebody or trade for somebody,
but it wasn't anybody I'd really heard of.
But I heard on the radio this morning, or yesterday morning, that, uh, Aikman's back in practicing, doing real, real well.
Um, who is it, Michael Irvin
Uh-huh.
he said that, uh, Aikman was hitting him right on the numbers every time.
So, sounds like he's going to be all right for next season.
They're just trying not to overwork him right now, until he gets his shoulder, uh, back in
it was his shoulder, wasn't it, that he had the problems with?
I don't know
Yeah
I think it was  .
I think it,  I think it was his shoulder he had surgery on.
But anyway, they're trying to keep him, you know, keep him, uh, from reinjuring anything, but anyway
But, uh, well I got my thirty day notice yesterday.
Thirty day notice for what?
Um, I'm done, where I work.
Oh, really.
So, anyway, I guess we can't talk much more about that,
but I just thought I'd throw that in there
What.
Oh, okay,
maybe I'll call you back after, after the recording is finished.
Actually I think we have talked about football for five minutes.
I can't remember.
Oh,
I've always ran out of time ever since I've done this.
Really.
I usually have, too  .
They always say  you've talked your ten minute limit.
Yeah,
I've done that once or twice.
I didn't look at the clock when we started talking,
so I guess we should talk about football a little bit longer just to be sure we got five minutes in.
Make sure we get our cash flow.
Yeah.
So other than the Vikings, who do you like?
Um, actually, when I was younger, I was a Cardinal fan, too.
Uh, oh.
Remember Jim Hart?
Jim Hart was playing.
Terry Metcalf was on the Cardinals.
This was a long time ago.
Yeah.
Um, I don't know who else I've ever.
That's about it,
I was always a Viking fan.
I think I was into the Cardinals for a little bit
and,
Uh-huh.
Back when they were in Saint Louis?
Yes,
oh, of course.
Since they've been to Phoenix they haven't been, uh, all that impressive, I guess.
I guess I've always been a Cowboy fan.
Other than that, I mean, you know, when I've, you know, when you grow up in a city that has the, you know, one of the greatest football teams until the last few years, you kind of tend to get caught up in it.
Yeah,
well, the Cowboys were America's football team,
Yeah.
there's no question about that,
so.
Yeah,
I mean it, it was really exciting, growing up when, when the Cowboys were really big.
Because my parents would always have season tickets,
and they'd go to all the games,
and you know, the hype were just unbelievable.
It's just, you know, the last, oh
I guess probably since about eighty-four, about eighty-five was when they started kind of going downhill really,
but, you know, I'm just used to always growing up and hearing Cowboys, Cowboys, Cowboys, and, you know, Super Bowl, and all this other stuff.
So, I can't, you know,
I'm not going to decide I don't like them just because they're having a few bad years.
I mean, I think they'll pull out of it,
and, you know, they'll, they'll wind up being good again.
They've got some, lot of really good young players that are going to, that are going to, uh, do pretty good, I think.
But, they're raising prices on their tickets.
So they're banking on doing good next season.
I think tickets are,
Again.
Yeah.
What are they going up to, thirty bucks or something?
Thirty, or thirty-two for really good tickets.
See, they, they sectioned it out even more.
They used to just have like, uh,
first of all it was all one price.
And then they sectioned it out to end zone and then everything else.
And now they're sectioning it off to like from the, from one twenty yard line to the other one,
just on the lower levels is the highest price,
and then the next highest price is that same area but above it on the upper level,
and then like from the twenty to the ten yard line.
And then they're some sections kind of in the corner areas,
and then the cheapest of course is going to be the end, the direct end zones.
But, um, they have about four or five different prices now,
that they're structuring it with,
but obviously yeah, they're all going up, more or less is what it's going to do.
So now the tickets even got lower than the lowest one last year.
Um, you know, I'm not sure,
I'm not positive,
I didn't, I didn't really think about that.
I just remember trying to figure out where you could get
that was real close to the good section but in the little bit cheaper.
But, not that I'll ever go.
I hadn't been to a Cowboys game,
time, last time I went to the Cowboys game was during that, um, N F L strike, or the, when they had the scab team, teams in there,
and it was the, uh, Dallas and Washington Redskins game.
And I went because my dad can usually get a hold of some free tickets, because a lot of those doctors have season tickets,
and they, um, if they're not going to use them they'll give them to somebody else.
So my dad, I went with my dad to a game that one time.
But that wasn't a real, you know,
it was, it was the scab teams,
it was kind of, you know, it was kind of different, I guess.
And before that it's been quite a few years.
I've been wanting to go to a game,
I just never, never have gotten around to it.
So maybe this year .
That's interesting,
I almost lost our electricity here .
Oh.
