Well, since you live close, I don't know if you know, um, about what Louisville is doing with recycling,
or are you familiar with any of that?
Well, I know that we have some relatives that live around, like the area in there,
Huh-uh.
I know they're doing some curbside recycling as a kind of a test there.
Yeah.
You know, I read, you know,
when they first started doing that in the paper, and I read about that,
I was just praying that, that would be in our area, because we've been recycling for quite some time.
And, you know, we separate everything out, and then have to haul it up to a Metco , you know, which is a real pain.
Huh-uh.
So if they would come up, curbside recycling,
they'll help you, recycle, because we, there is some bins, like behind Wal-Mart, that take some things.
Well, now have they moved them behind Wal-Mart?
Yeah.
Oh, God.
Because I finally asked because, you know, we had all of those milk cartons
and there was nowhere else to take them
and they had it in front of Wal-Mart
and I ask in Wal-Mart
and they said they moved it just behind.
Oh.
That's really nice to know, because we were doing the same thing.
Because to take it to a Metco , you have to take it when they're open, you know, which is always a real pain.
Huh-uh.
And so when that thing came up in Wal-Mart parking lot, we thought, oh, this is great.
And we started taking them up there.
And then, all the sudden, it disappeared, you know
I didn't know.
And we're going, oh, no, there goes our recycling place.
Yeah.
That's really nice to find out that it's behind there
Well, we pretty much do, um, plastic milk cartons and, um, um, um, newspapers.
I couldn't even think of what you call them.
Yeah.
Plastic milk cartons, newspapers and cans, and glass, I guess, is the four, is really the four things that we do.
Like aluminum cans?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's about what we do too.
And really, that's about, that's really about it.
Is there anything, any place else that really takes anything other than that, that you know of?
Well, I guess, um, down in, kind of in North Dallas, there is a place that will take almost anything.
Oh, really.
Uh, I don't, we just don't have the room to store all that much, you know,
I know.
I don't want to be running down there every week, or whatever.
I know.
I know.
We're kind of the same way.
You know, at first, you know, you,
at first it was a real, it was a real hassle,
and I'm wondering are we really going to do this,
but you kind of get, I guess, into a little routine, you know, where it becomes, is automatic, now, to throw, different things in different places,
Yeah.
you know. So I just go, you know,
we have a pretty good size pantry in our kitchen
and I've just got three trash cans sitting in there,
you know, we just kind of dump things in each one, if, you know, if we get them,
Yeah.
so.
Those milk cartons take up so much room.
Oh, they do, too.
And they're impossible to crush.
I mean, you can't get the down to any size, you know.
If you get four milk cartons and that fills up trash bag, you know pretty easily,
so. You know,
I guess we kind of started recycling after I moved here about a year and a half ago.
Oh, really.
We were using baby food
and there was so many baby food jars, kind of what started it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Some of our neighbors were doing it
and so, you know, when I found out some places to take it,
and, um, like, um, they also take some things at the Flower Mound dump behind the fire station there,
and I know that they're going to use, you know, the money for that to build some kind of multipurpose field and that type of thing. Put lights and stuff
Oh, that will be good.
so, you know, if I'm not going to get the money for aluminum, I would just assume give it to the city of Flower Mound. to do something with, you know.
Sure.
Let somebody get something out of it.
Yeah.
That's true.
And they won't raise our taxes.
Yeah
Yeah .
Ha-ha
Well, I was kind of hoping with,
you know, do you work for T I?
No,
I don't.
I have a friend, of mine told me about this program, is the reason that I'm,
No.
Yeah.
There was a,
T I has got this organization called T A D which is T I'ers Against Drugs.
And, you know, we're recycling aluminum cans up here and, uh, just what you would buy out of the machines and drink here
and there was crushers out in all of the hallways you know,
and that's,
they use the money from that to fund this T I'ers Against Drugs Program.
It's,
you know, T I doesn't give them any money, all, everything is made from that.
And they had talked about having a thing like, one Saturday a month, you could come and drop your aluminum cans off from home, you know,
Yeah.
And I'm kind of like, yeah.
I shall,
they would do that because at least somebody was getting the money out of it, you know. That was going to use it for good,
so,
is talking to someone in Sorry.
Sounds like you have a little one just like I do
She'll be two in July.
Yeah.
Mine was two in December
Oh.
Well, it was good to talk to you.
Well, it was nice to talk to you.
I know they've started over in Richardson where my dad lives.
They pick up newspapers, I think.
Oh, do they really.
Curbside pick up?
Yeah.
I really hope they do that in Louisville.
It would make it a lot easier on all of us.
Talk to you later.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
