Okay, uh,
let's see,
I, I believe in the trial by jury.
I think if it was up to the judge alone that there would be real possible for, uh, payoffs, you know, briberies, uh, unfairness, one-sidedness, you know, all those kinds of things.
And I also like the unanimous decision because you have to persuade everybody to be a hundred percent, absolutely sure before you convict somebody.
I, I really agree with the, uh, innocent until proven guilty theory.
I think that's, that's a good way to do it.
That's about all.
Well, I think, I think basically we're in a lot of agreement, uh, in that I certainly agree that for any case involving serious injury to another person then maybe that needs, uh, some kind of legal definition.
Uh-huh.
But for anything involving that, trial by jury certainly should be mandatory.
Uh-huh
But there should be with our overworked, uh, judicial system,
it seems to me like there ought to be a means of, of, um, not having to take everything before a full court. You know,
maybe there ought to be some kind of, of, uh,
isn't there a type of word called a jury duty now.
Uh-huh.
Really.
And maybe instead of, of, uh, just kind of blowing it off just spend a day or a day and a half like most folks do, maybe we should commit to spend a week,
and during that week you're kind of an ad hoc, let's hear about it, group of, I don't know, twenty-five instead of twelve
Uh-huh.
and each case is presented to that group of twenty-five,
and those cases are, uh, lesser degrees of magnitude. You know,
the guy was caught burgling,
and he had his pockets full of stuff, you know, when he was caught
Right.
you know, that kind of stuff you can just turn to the judge and say, your pleasure your honor,
and there's not a lot of discussion about that kind of thing.
Yeah.
But the way our system, our court system works, that guy is going to have to hang around in jail or out on bail or something like that for an extreme period of time.
Right.
I just think our system is overworked,
and we're starting to stretch the true meaning of, of right to a speedy trial.
Yeah,
that's, that's a good idea.
Maybe this pre group of people could decide, you know, which kind of, uh, you know, where they could go from there.
Do they need a big lengthy twelve person jury
or do they need a six person jury or, you know, those kinds of things
and the degree of the, of the, you know, the seriousness of it, you know,
how,
is this open and shut, you know, like you were saying,
or do you need somebody to go off for three months and try to figure out what really happened. You know, a jury like that.
You know, we,
They could be a good idea to,
that could work.
You know, kind of off what we've been talking about here, uh, I believe that our, we've become almost a litigious society where we, everyone is very quick to sue or to threaten to sue and that kind of stuff,
and although we supporting a whole segment of society called lawyers, maybe we don't need to do that.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
You know, maybe, instead of being so quick to sue you, uh, if you have a disagreement with someone, instead of tying up court and time and that kind of stuff, maybe you maybe you,
and if you want to, your lawyer or your, your opponent need to go face this group of twenty-five or a judge like they have on T V
Good idea.
Yeah.
and let either he or that group decide whether or not you have a real case.
Yeah,
right
that's,
And let's, you know, let's get rid of some of this harassment suing.
Right,
that's, that's a good idea.
I,
in the BIBLE it says, uh, if you have something against somebody, to go to them first,
and if that doesn't work, then to go get somebody, you know, a little bit more wiser and older and take them with you and go to them,
and if that doesn't work, to take it to the whole church.
So that's right off that same kind of principle.
You bet,
and if, If we could all deal with those kinds of beliefs we wouldn't have half the,
That's a, that's a good idea.
Yeah,
that's true,
that's true, too.
But, uh, you know, that whole Biblical concept like that, like that's true in a lot of our,
um, you know, the, the way the whole judicial system and the government is based on that.
It doesn't work on that,
but it's based out of that.
And, uh, so that, you know, that could work,
Yes,
I'd forgotten what that's called.
There's a, a real name for that like the Judean law, or something like that.
Um, what is that called?
The Judeo-Christian ethic.
Judeo-Christian ethic.
Well, that may be right.
It's in there some place.
Yeah.
I think we both know that we're talking about the foundation of our legal society.
Right.
Right,
right.
Uh, and, too, the,
that was sort of the beginning of, Ye shall be treated fairly.
Uh-huh.
Uh, I guess the Lord started out with, we'll treat you I'll treat you fairly there as long as you do what I say.
Uh, that's sort of the Old Testament version.
Yeah,
that's, that's,
I know,
I did a Sunday school lesson one time on the difference between the Old Testament and the New Testament where, where there's a vengeful Lord in the Old Testament and there's a loving Lord in the New Testament.
Really.
But that's a whole different subject.
Really,
really,
yeah.
Okay,
well, I, I think we have exhausted my pitifully small knowledge on, on the legal system.
Mine, too.
Yeah,
mine, too.
But it's been a pleasure talking with you.
Yeah,
same here.
What, what part of the country are you from?
I'm living here in Texas.
Oh, okay,
in, in Texas.
Okay,
I was just being curious.
Okay.
Well, that's quite all right.
Yeah,
well, I'm from the Dallas area.
Well, so am I
Oh, okay,
well, that's, that's neat.
In fact, I'm at work out at Lewisville.
Oh, are you really?
Wow.
Okay,
well, I'll let you go.
And it was nice talking to you.
My pleasure.
Have a good day.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
