I don't know.
I grew up, uh, in the, the sixties,
and at that time, uh, it was is a changing time for the whole music scene, I guess
and I grew up with the Beatles and the Rolling Stones and the whole pot culture during that time and went through that phase and kind of stayed with it I guess for several years after I graduated from college and, and thereafter
but have since, uh,
I grew up in a small town in, in southern Oklahoma
I have kind of gone back to, uh, more of a county, uh, flavor in music.
Um, I'm not quite sure why that is
and it seems like almost a opposite,
but I guess I got away from what I consider to be the pot, uh, sounding music.
It didn't have what, you know, I guess what I was looking for at the time country tells more of a, a story.
It kind of reminds me of my roots of growing up
and I've, I've become I guess more of a country fan over the years.
When you say that you grew up, uh, in the sixties I take it that was the, uh, teenage type years
or, uh,
Yeah,
that was my teenage years.
I was born in fifty
and, and, uh,
Okay,
we, we're very similarly aged,
so we probably have an interesting perspective on the music on the times,
so I'm just a couple years older than you,
Yeah.
um, essentially I was one of the nerdy types in high school really which meant that I, for one reason or another I didn't pay much attention to music,
but as I look back now I realize it was very formative for me,
uh, my early popular music interests were in Simon and Garfunkel, whom I saw perform when I was in college
and I became attached to that style of, uh, urban, urban country if there is such a thing,
Yeah.
I think with, in a way one could talk about Simon and Garfunkel that way because they do tend, uh, to have a dramatic or story approach to their music, uh, usually tend to have some good or bad moral to it.
Uh, over time I became very interested in, in baroque classical
and I think that was just through experiencing contacting college and the fact that I found it, it very relaxing for me.
My tastes now run I guess to a upbeat, uh, Simon,
Yeah.
it's something that interests me, uh, combined with, with the classical tastes I had mentioned.
And my classical music tends to be confined to the seventeen hundreds, early eighteen hundred music.
I'm not a music, um,
, I'm not particularly schooled in it.
I know what I like to listen to as far as classical music.
And I, I spent a good deal of time listening also to, uh, people from the late seventies, really, um, Neil Diamond, for instance. Um, people of, of that particular time,
That's kind of the way I am.
Uh-huh.
I listen to some country and western
but I'm not schooled in it
and I, I've enjoyed the times when I have listened to it.
I played a little bit of piano.
I continue to do that.
I want to do it
and I never have the discipline to stay with it,
but when I do play, uh, and begin to reacquire skills I inevitably fall in love with country western music which tends to be in some ways easy to play for a, for a new piano player.
It is, it's got, uh, basically an easy, uh, rhythm and, and tone.
Right.
And it's, it's pretty, fairly well easily to uh, uh, something to fall into.
I'm kind of the say way,
I, I've gone through different periods of life, uh, in music from pop to classical.
I guess one of the things was that influenced me was that I, I've worked in radio stations as a D J for all my college years trying to support my way through there,
and
was support,
I was influenced by all different kinds of music
but basically because that's where I worked.
And I've developed a real love for, uh, classical music in, probably junior high and high school because my band instructor was, uh, heavy into classical type music.
He said he used to sit on Saturday mornings and watch cartoons just to hear the music, uh, that they were using behind them because they used, especially Disney used a lot of classical music, uh, behind the cartoons
and so consequently we wind up, wound up playing a lot of classical music there
and I think that, uh, got deep seated into me.
One of things I especially like now in music regardless of what kind it is, uh, are those that call on those classical, uh, roots, I guess, uh, Barry Manilow comes to mind for some reason there's, there's not a whole lot of his stuff that I'm real crazy about,
but he does have some things.
Chicago had some things,
Right.
uh, and I think even Electric Light Orchestra had some, some real, um, influences by classical music
and I'm still, still,
my favorite,
in fact most of my C D are classical music.
I find it very interesting that some television shows that I enjoy I particularly like the music.
I don't know which is chicken and egg in that situation.
Uh, a good example would be, uh,
I have connections but, but not particularly deep ones to the Vietnamese war type situations,
Uh-huh.
uh, and I found that I really like CHINA BEACH
and I particularly like TOUR OF DUTY
and both of them, I had as much fascination of the background music, I think going on as I did to the theme of the shows,
Yeah.
uh, and I, I've, uh, THIRTY SOMETHING I'm particularly interested,
but it's the music, almost that I find myself listening to, uh,
Yeah.
I'm kind of thinking that's maybe,
our generation was, uh, so in tuned to music of that time that we identify goodness or badness with, uh, things now with the music that's behinds them.
That could well be.
I, I, uh, spent my junior year, uh, and sophomore and junior year in, in college when I,
a song by the, uh, uh,
I think the title of it was just Downtown,
Uh-huh.
uh, and if you recall how it goes downtown, ta, da, da, da,
Right.
uh, all I have to do is hear that song and I get strongly evoked memories of, of difficult times in school being behind on work,
Uh-huh.
uh, and my family now knows if they come into my study and, uh, I happen to have had a tough day at work and maybe I'm trying to get a project done, uh, at school, uh, and I'm humming or whistling in a sort of mad crazy way the tune to Downtown they know to just stay away,
That's their signal.
They can hear the unconscious music signal behind it,
Yeah.
that's right.
When did you first take your, uh, first piano lesson?
Uh, probably about first grade,
Yeah.
and I have, uh, returned about every four or five years to thinking that I would like to do something about it.
I usually get to the point where I can play some of my favorite themes
and then inevitably I am swept away by the, the pressure of other types of things,
Yeah.
uh,
It is a time consumer.
It is.
In order to continue to, to grow and
I, I always think that I'll be able to do it
and then I inevitably discover that I have no innate music talent relative to composition and that I struggle and really can't quite understand what is that other people take for granted, in composition themes
Yeah.
and I,
keys and things are something to me that remain a mystery no matter how many times I bang on them.
I have a pretty good mathematical concept for what's involved,
Right.
uh, but in a, in a innate music sense there just seems to be something missing there which is always frustrating for me since I have pretty high math aptitude
and I keep thinking, gee, I thought that all the math and music people are supposed to go hand in hand
but, but it doesn't for me.
No,
it's making that, that connection especially with the mechanical parts of it.
I was never able to, to master all that.
In fact my brother and sister both, they were, oh, thirteen, sixteen years older than I, they went through the, uh, parent thing where you've got to practice or you're not going out to play thing,
and when it came to my turn the folks said no we're not going through that again,
they sold the piano,
and is the turns out I was the only one who really had an interest in it and never got to,
so I,
Uh-huh.
that's one of things I felt like I missed in life
and I, I really,
in fact, uh, one of my favorite things to do now is sit down and listen to Chopin, that is played on, uh, piano.
I just, you know, I can just drift off into some other world just listening to that for hours if I ever have the time to do that,
Oh, ,
maybe one of these days, I'll,
you know, I'm kind of like you, maybe one of these days I'll get around to it,
I'll do something with the piano,
but probably not.
So we both have a secret background that says somehow or another we just knew we were piano players and never got a chance, uh,
Just never got a chance to come out.
No.
That's the most fascinating thing
Well, it's a pleasure talking with you.
And you, sir,
Best, of luck in your graduate school.
take care.
Okay.
Good-bye.
Good-bye.
