Well, what would you have at a dinner party?
Well, uh, lately, since I have children I've cut down on having dinner parties
Uh-huh.
but when I do I try to keep it pretty simple on things that I can prepare ahead of time
uh, I have one recipe for, uh, a really good, um, type of a meatball.
It's called burgundy meatball
and it's made with red wine and,
Oh, gosh, that sounds great.
um
It's, it's really good
and you can make it ahead of time and then, um, make the sauce when you're ready to, um, to serve it.
Uh-huh.
That's one of my favorite things to, to serve.
Well, um, I think it would probably depend on whether this was a formal or a informal dinner party.
Sure.
But if it was informal, my first choice would be crawfish.
Oh, really.
Well, I guess being from that part of the country.
Because, I mean, crawfish, everybody over here likes crawfish
but you know, I, I wouldn't have to worry about satisfying my guest.
Uh-huh.
But if it was a formal dinner party I would probably think of something else like, uh,
shrimp, shrimp fettucini is real easy to, um, make and everything
Yeah.
and it's usually well liked by people, I guess,
I'm just a seafood fan
so, I think on the lines of,
Well, how do, make, how do you, you cook crawfish?
I, in fact, I just came back from the grocery store
and being in Texas we don't have too many, you know, people that, that eat crawfish
but they had live crawfish, on sale.
Oh, yeah,
um, you're not supposed to, I mean, you're not supposed to eat them dead.
I mean, well, you eat them dead
Uh-huh.
but,
Don't buy them that way
Right.
Because if, if they are dead for too long,
you can always tell whenever they're cooked if they've been dead for a long time because their tail straightens out.
Uh-huh.
And you're not supposed to eat those because they're bad for you.
Okay.
Well, I'll remember that.
Yeah,
so if you ever go in a restaurant, order crawfish,
I mean, every once in a while you'll see
I mean, it doesn't happen very often because it's just an accident
but if the tail is straight on it then, yeah, don't eat it.
Uh-huh.
But, um, you just put some Cajun, well, lots of pepper
Uh-huh.
and you just boil them
and they're absolutely wonderful
but there's, uh, they're a pain to peel for some people.
Once you get used to it they're real easy
but, um, you know, if you have nails or anything you can plan on those being shot.
Huh. When you were, um, when you serve it do you shell them and then serve em too?
I think for a dinner party
I, I don't know
it depends.
Um-hum.
Like if, like my age, if there was a bunch of college kids coming over for a dinner party, no, I, they would shell their own,
Sure.
you know, we'd just have crawfish and beer or something
but, um, if it was more formal like if I was, you know, working environment then I would probably, um, shell 'em or at least disconnect them from the head
But there's a, There's a, big thing over here that everybody sucks the head.
Still have see that. *slash error Ooh *slash error should be 'ba'
So, um it, it would just depend.
That's the best part of the crawfish.
Sucking the head
But um I don't know
it it just depends on what type it was I guess
But you can buy uh the crawfish shells already peeled 'n everything
And usually you use those like for frying or to put in salads or to um You know make a sauce with or something like that
Um-hum
But you can go ahead and buy 'em cooked and shelled
and they're more expensive of course
but
Does it taste a lot like shrimp
Um Yeah
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Just um The crawfish I mean it just has a taste of its own
It also depends on who's cooking it and how much seasoning they use stuff like that
Sure
but um I think that
And also to get totally off the subject of crawfish lots of vegetables and hors d'oeuvres and stuff like that for a dinner party I think that that really helps
Yeah.
We have a a friend another couple where the husband is the one who cooks all the time
And
That's what I need
Yeah
that's what I wish I had
but in our family I am the one who who cooks
And I I really enjoy it
it's gotten a little more difficult with kids
But I really do enjoy cooking
And we um we have them over for dinner back and forth quite a lot
Uh-huh
And before I had my second child we sort of had a contest going where you know he would cook and then the next time it would be my turn and I'd try to outdo him and then he'd try to outdo me
Oh!
and we we
was really a lot of fun
I bet
and
that that got pretty competitive you know as far as who could come up with the best recipe
Yeah
it did
we we tried to be fancier or more courses than the other
That would be fun
or
Uh it was a lot of fun you know
it something unique you know
and then we got into different um themes you know um whether it would be ethnic food Or um sometimes it would be um oh Oh I don't know maybe an outdoor theme or uh elegant theme or you know
Uh huh
It was a lot of fun
Sometimes it might be the candlelight
and sometimes it might be the picnic out back or something
That's right
Well that's you know that's fun
it was fun
and and we threatened to make the other two uh make us dinner one time Uh Just to even it out since we seemed to be unfairly doing all the cooking and they were doing all the enjoying
Uh huh
That sounds right I would I'd take him up on that
I'm
It does
except that knowing them they would probably do something ridiculous and terrible just just to uh make sure that they didn't have to do it again
Uh huh
I'd be
make hot dogs or some potato chips
I that's about how much I can cook You know
I'm I'm doing a lot more cooking now than I used to
Uh-huh
but that's only because my mom just started working
so she's tired when she comes home in the afternoon
so I try to have things cooked for her
but uh um I usually try to stay out of kitchen
Oh that's nice
I don't know
not one of my favorite hobbies
It can it can be fun I if you have the time
But you know a lot of times it's too much of a rush really be able to enjoy it able to
Well um my grandma speaking of those meatballs again she owned every Christmas and and Easter
whenever we have at the big get-together over at her house she makes this meat ball sauce
and it has
I don't know
they are just kind of like quarter size meatballs
and they are absolutely delicious
Uh-huh
I don't know what she calls them in
I don't I'm sure she puts wine in it because um she cooks everything with alcohol
But
um
I don't know
I would I would be interested in getting that recipe for you if you have it around
Yeah
it's um it's in the other room
I don't know if we have enough time for it
Oh
it's real easy
one of the unique things in this it's like a pound of ground beef some bread crumbs um an egg um whatever seasonings
you can just light
Yeah
so salt and pepper Um and chopped up water chestnuts which is something different um
Oh
that would be wonderful
makes them a little bit crunchy
you need to chop em up real fine
Yeah
But um it makes them crunchy
and that adds something new to it
And then the sauce is just made with um bouillion cubes water burgundy wine and um cornstarch instead of flour
Um-hum
Oh
So it's not a it's not a thick rich type of a sauce
it's more of a
when you use corn starch in in gravy like you know when you have um Chinese food
Um-hum
And it gives it a bit of a different consistency
Well um how long do you cook the meatballs
The meatballs you just um after you form them fry them in a pan until they're uh browned on all all sides
Uh huh
and then drain off all the grease
Uh then what I usually do is I freeze them
And then when you're ready to serve them then you cook the sauce and then put the meatballs into the sauce And heat it
Oh
yeah
probably you have to heat it up for a good oh
if they're frozen you know it may take a half for them to thaw out
But then heat them thoroughly in the sauce itself
Let them simmer in the sauce itself
Hum
and it's real good
That sounds great
Especially I mean the fact that you can prepare the meatballs so so far in advance
Right.
I mean like if if you are having a dinner party on Wednesday night you could do it on a weekend
And then freeze them
Sure
That would be great
I think I'm going to have to keep that in mind for my future because I hope to have to have lots of dinner parties Cause I like to
I mean um Um I'm sure that I'll be involved in a big company
and I know that my future husband will be You know
He's going to be working for Chevron in Houston
Uh-huh.
so he's going to be
Um You know I'm sure that dinner parties will come in handy
Yeah
you'll meet friends
invite invite the boss over and and friends at work
Oh yeah
I have to impress the boss and clients cause Um I'm in I'm in public relations in school
Uh-huh.
so I'm going to have You know my whole job's going to be based on my clients 'n stuff like that
so I'm going to have lots of dinner parties
Sure.
And have to take 'em out to eat
Right now I'm taking a class on ettiquesy * Did she really say "ettiquesy"??
and all the little bitty things that I didn't even know
Oh
really
I mean I thought for sure I'd been raised properly
but I've been doing a lot of things wrong I didn't know about
but um So Is there anything else
Well I I think we've covered the subject
I got some interesting information about crawfish
I was in fact
It's good cause I was curious about that today when I saw those for sale
Oh
yes
you need to try em
Oh they're wonderful.
Oh I will
I'm sure my husband will be surprised, 'cause we were talking about them the other day before
