Uh, no
I think that maybe the, the automation people that are very discrete. Or not discrete, electronic devices.
Oh, okay.
Oh.
So, and, did he, is he the one that got you connected with us?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
It's a lot of fun.
Yeah.
You want to punch the button and go?
Sure,
you ready?
Yip
Okay.
Well, are you going to buy a car soon?
Well, it won't be too much longer because my husband and I are both going to retire.
And when we retire we're going to buy us, a, you know, a new one and, and get rid of the two that we have right now.
And what are you going to buy?
I I don't know,
we're either going to buy a pick up,
or we're going to buy a van.
Or we're going to buy an economy car,
how do you like that
Well, have you been listening to Iacocca's arguments that, uh, that Chrysler products are the only ones that, that all have air bags?
Uh, yeah.
Does that make a difference to you?
Yeah.
It sure does.
I really would like to have something like that,
and I'm hoping that by you know,
that's like, right now,
my husband would like for me to buy another vehicle right now.
But I keep saying lets put it off, lets put it off, because I'm hoping they'll get so many better features.
Yeah,
like what?
Well, just like that air bag.
I think that thing is fantastic.
Because I've seen some of the, you know, like the head on collision type things, when they had it and people walk away from it.
Yeah.
We had one here,
I guess it was about three weeks ago,
and the people walked away from the, wreck, with no scratches nothing. You know, a few bruises.
That's .
did you see the, uh,
I don't know if it was TWENTY-TWENTY, last Thursday or Friday night on, on seat belts?
Uh-huh.
Did that scare you a little bit? With the lady being thrown out and run over.
Uh-huh.
You got it.
I, I, tell you what,
I would not, I would not buy a car that had the seat belt where it was hooked under the door.
that really
I, I guess, I,
that, that a little more than scared me,
that irritated me, uh,
that,
because it, it, it surely didn't come as a surprise that, that if the door came open the lady would fall out,
I mean, and,
Well, you know what the average person,
would you ever have thought of that?
uh
I mean now
no,
probably, well,
you probably wouldn't have,
I might,
the problem is I'm really into cars,
and so it's not a, uh,
for me it's, it's a real, it's a real consideration, uh, uh,
and, and, uh, the,
but no
I probably wouldn't have even though I'm really quite into cars
it's, it's probably my main hobby.
Right
because you always think,
I mean, I don't know,
maybe you don't,
but just like me, I always think well, you know, these things must be safe,
but that's just like,
I don't know if you've heard about it a few years ago, they said, you know, before they had the, like the shoulder strap thing where it was just like a seat belt that goes across your waist?
Yeah.
All these people were,
and, and it, it was on one of those kind of shows like TWENTY-TWENTY
Uh-huh.
these people were like paralyzed,
and because, it threw them forward,
but they were hooked at the waist,
and so it like, you know, did something to their spinal cord
Yeah.
then they were like paraplegics.
yeah,
you know, ROAD AND TRACK had a, had some articles on,
and particularly with, with back seat, uh, with some, where kids, were, were sitting in the back seat with seat belts on,
and they were thrown forward, into the front seat,
and there was enough stretching, the combination of stretching the spine to, uh, I mean, the serious injury, even though they were, they were still locked in the
Right.
they were forced to go,
so really if your sitting in the back seat, your better off not not to have your seat belt on, if it's just a seat belt.
Yeah.
We have a van, that, uh, just has seat belts in the back doesn't have a shoulder harness
Well, tell me about your van.
Do you like it?
I have an Arrow Star van,
we really do.
Uh, it's, it's a mini van,
we've had it,
goodness in May will be five years
and, uh, they replace the engine at sixty thousand under extended warranty.
And the transmission was replaced
but they really are nifty, uh,
the mini van, it's
actually, we had a station wagon before,
and it's a foot or two shorter than a,
we had a regular size station wagon
Uh-huh.
and it really, uh,
we like it,
it, the
interestingly enough one of the features we like are the electric locks.
Huh. The reason that we're thinking about something like that, we took a trip in my brother in law and sister in laws to Florida
Uh-huh.
and, like I said, I mean, we're not that old
but my husband works for the State,
and after a certain amount of years you can retire.
And when he retires I'm retiring.
Well, as soon as I get my quarters in, I'm, retiring period,
Uh-huh.
that's it,
Yeah.
you know, no more
Well, but, the,
did you, did you go to Florida in a van?
As though
Uh-huh
And we wanted to travel,
well, that was really nice traveling
but you know, I like to know more, I mean, hear about more people that have things like that you know?
Yeah.
And see what they think of them,
the different kinds
Yeah.
because I've only ridden in the one,
What, what kind was it?
that's it.
Uh, shoot
I can't even think of the name of it now.
What, what was remarkable, this van, even with, the,
we have two kids,
and we went to Disney World
Uh-huh.
uh, actually I grew up in Alabama,
and I went to see my mother,
and then went on down to Disney World,
and it got better than, I think twenty-two, twenty-three miles a gallon.
And this was with the air conditioner on and, and you know four people with, with luggage,
Yeah.
and, uh, course this,
grant it,
that's, you know, it's been four years ago,
but it's remarkable that the, that the bigger vans, uh, they're, uh,
my boss just bought a, a pick up truck,
and, uh, he only gets seventeen miles a gallon.
Yeah.
But it, it has a big engine,
and it, it, pulls a boat and stuff,
but it's, and it, it's got the seats
that, and the other thing that is interesting, is it has, uh, rear air conditioning.
Uh-huh.
And that, that makes a lot of difference in those of us that live in warm climates.
Yeah.
Well, now, this one that we went in,
it did
to baby what kind of van was that that we went to Florida in?
Ford.
A what?
Ford.
A Ford?
Ford what,
you remember?
conversation with He was trying to think of what the name of it was,
Well, the big, you know, the big vans are all, real nice,
this was a big one.
I mean it was a big one,
yeah,
oh those are
it has the front and the back and you know, it has the uh, back seat let down into a double, I mean a queen size bed
yeah.
Yeah.
and then it had the two swivels in the middle, and then the two swivel chairs on the front
All right.
and, I mean it was fantastic,
Uh-huh.
and it got good gas mileage,
but I don't know
I don't really, I don't,
I want something I can drive too, you know,
Well well, the mini, that,
and I was scared to drive that big van.
you'd be surprised if, if you drive a, one of the, the mini vans, uh,
more or less alike the, the, uh, Chevrolet
and, uh, well of course, Oldsmobile has got one,
and Chryslers got one,
but they drive remarkably like cars.
Well, do you, does yours have that this one had it where you know, you would see something coming in the rear view mirror, I mean not the rear, those little side mirror things
Yeah.
and it would look like it was further back than it was.
Yeah
but, the little, thing etched in it,
say objects are, are closer than they appear or something
Yeah,
does yours do that too?
Yeah.
Oh. I was wondering if all vans did that,
Well you, you can, you can, uh, install those mirrors,
we've got the big side mirrors, which are really nice.
I don't know if you've, well, if you've driven a pick up truck, you know,
these are, these, uh, mirrors must be six inches across not nearly a foot high,
Uh-huh.
and they're really nice, uh,
got them on both sides,
actually they, they fold, so when you get in tight situations, you can fold them back.
Yeah,
But they're
well, see that's the reason we couldn't make, really make them,
at first we were going to get a pick up truck, with a camper on the back of it, of it,
uh-huh.
but then that gas mileage was just atrocious,
I mean it's, unreal,
Uh-huh.
it's, it just practically don't get any.
Well, they have got, some of the newer ones they, you know, with the aerodynamic features,
you can get pretty, pretty decent gas mileage.
Yeah.
And then, uh, he talked about a van,
and I said, well, you know, I don't know, I don't know how the gas is on most of these.
And another thing was
that's the reason I said you know, there was such a big difference you know, in a little economy car,
but I said maybe we might have to get us an economy car to pull along when we went somewhere.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
But really and truly the safety features
but I wouldn't get one that,
if it had, the seat belts on the door now I wouldn't get it.
Yeah.
Period.
Ford now announced I think in ninety-two, they're going to put, uh, air bags in their, in their vans.
Oh that would be good.
So, uh, and I think, I, I believe safety,
I, I, I, I really do believe in this stuff, uh,
and I, I think it can go, ,
I'm not,
the air bags are a good deal
but, uh, surprisingly, uh, they're, uh,
you really need to do,
you need a combination of both the air bags and the, uh, and the seat belts
Oh I think so too,
so,
I don't think they should do away with the seat belts now.
Yeah.
I'm
but I think you need the shoulder thing
Yeah.
I think you need the thing around your waist,
but, I think you need that bag to pop out too.
Yeah.
You know, because I know so many people, here that have been killed in head on collisions, where maybe if they had, had that, that air bag, they may still be walking around.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But, uh, I think it's fantastic.
I wish they required it in everything.
Every new car that came out, I wish they would require it in it.
It would be that would do to our insurance rates, you know, if, if, uh, if the insurance companies says it, says we're not going to pay, you know, a claim, if, if the car doesn't have, uh, air bags.
Would be interesting wouldn't it?
Yeah.
Uh, that wouldn't be fair
but, uh,
Well, no because what they would do is, that's what they're going to plan on, you know,
they would have to do it,
the insurance company would have to do the same thing.
They're given like, a ten year time limit where,
Yeah.
okay.
These cars, I guess they figure all the old cars, will be off the roads or something by the, in ten years
Yeah.
and then, you know, if you didn't have a car that had one, then your insurance would go up enormously,
Uh-huh,
uh-huh,
uh, I've got to go
my son's in a performance tonight,
I have to leave, in a couple of minutes.
Oh that's okay,
Uh, I think we've probably spent a reasonable amount of time.
Okay.
It was good talking to you,
Well, you, you too.
Okay.
Good night.
All right
bye bye.
