All right.
Okay,
are you on an exercise program now
or,
Yeah,
I exercise pretty regularly.
Uh-huh.
I lift weights quite a bit.
Uh-huh.
Um, I run occasionally.
Let's see what else do I do. Play golf some,
and I work out on a, on a hanging bag.
I'm brown belt in karate,
so I keep up with that a little bit.
Uh-huh.
Oh, yeah.
How about you.
Um, the only exercise program I'm doing right now is walking.
Uh-huh.
I've got a nine month old,
and I'm four months pregnant with my second,
and so, at the time, walking seems to be the best.
It's something I can do with her, plus, um, doesn't tax me too physically.
Uh-huh.
I have enjoyed aerobics in the past,
and I enjoy that because I like the group association, you know, like exercising with other people.
Yeah.
And, um, and that's my favorite way to exercise.
Well, that's neat.
Yeah,
I do walk some too.
My wife's about five months along
Oh.
so she's been walking quite a bit,
so that is a good exercise for that.
Yeah,
it's nice to do it together, too, I guess.
Uh-huh.
My husband and I use to walk together,
but our schedules don't coincide as well as they used to,
and so, we very seldom get together to walk
but, when you, when you work out, do you pretty much do it on your own schedule,
or do you go to groups
or,
I, I do it on my own schedule.
Uh-huh.
We used to try and belong to clubs or the Y, stuff like that,
but it was so difficult to go on a regular basis, to drive the distance you have to go.
Uh-huh.
Save the fees,
we've, uh, just save the fees and buy some of our own equipment.
So,
And then you can do it whenever you want I guess.
Yeah,
I've got a weight bench,
and we got my wife an exercise bike,
and I use that sometimes too.
Uh-huh.
It's a little more convenient,
but, you're, I guess you're not as dedicated if you don't drive over to do it.
I guess it depends on the person, depends on how motivated you are.
Uh-huh.
Because my husband used to work out three days a week with, uh, at the Texas Instruments gym.
Uh-huh.
And then I would just go on Saturdays.
But, since the first of the year neither one of us have been going.
Yeah.
So, I guess, like I say, we've been paying these fees and not going,
so it's kind of a waste of money if you don't take advantage of it.
Yeah,
I think you really have to be disciplined.
Yeah.
I, uh, I try to work out at least a couple of times a week,
and I think you really have to, at least twice a week, just to maintain the shape that you're in.
Yeah.
With the walking, I think they said you need to walk at least twelve miles a week for it to be aerobically beneficial.
Uh-huh.
And we, I have two friends, that we walk.
They have babies that are about the same ages as, as mine,
and we've been walking every morning at, going
when it was cold we would go to the mall because you can't take the babies out very easily.
Yeah.
So we, when we go, we have about, do about fifteen miles a week,
but the last little while, for one reason or another, we haven't been real consistent.
So it's a little harder when you're depending on other people to do it with you because you have to meet their schedules as well,
Uh-huh.
but but I enjoy doing it more when I've got other people with me.
Sure.
You know, I usually do it because I want to, because I know it's good for me, not because, I don't feel obligated to do it.
I enjoy it.
If I feel too obligated to do it,
I start to rebel,
and I won't be as consistent with it.
Yeah,
I understand.
Did you exercise between your first child and your second?
I exercised pretty well up until I found, uh, until I was pregnant,
and I started having pains.
So I've calmed down everything except, I was working out doing aerobic exercises as well as the, um, walking,
Yeah.
And I had to stop the aerobics because it was just kind of painful.
But the T I rec center has an aerobics program for, for, um, prenatal and postnatal aerobic type thing.
Um.
And I was going to wait until, um, about my sixth month and then start that.
I did that with the second baby,
and, um, I went to my exercise class one day,
and then she was delivered the next day.
Gosh.
So, it would seem to be real beneficial.
Uh-huh,
yeah.
Maybe it, maybe it speeded up the process and all that.
Well I think it made parts of it a lot easier.
And, and is this your first that you're having?
Uh-huh.
Oh, okay,
well, then I don't know how much you've been through it,
but I think parts of it made a lot easier.
And, I've talked to a lot of ladies that exercise with one pregnancy and didn't with the other,
and they said that they had that the one they had exercised with was three or four times easier.
Really.
And we've, I had,
having both of them natural, the first one was natural and going natural the second,
and, and it's, it's rough
but it's not as bad as I thought it would be,
and I think the exercise helped.
Well, that's good.
So, do you work with T I?
No,
I don't.
My, my wife has been working with them.
Oh, okay,
well then she could go if she were interested.
Uh-huh.
I think, that's what the class that meets on Saturday mornings.
So she could find out if she wanted to go.
It's kind of fun because with the first pregnancy all the other ladies except one were on their first pregnancy,
and they would talk about exercise and just general things relating to the birthing process.
And so for us it was educational as well as exercise beneficial.
So,
At least its something you enjoy.
I know a lot of people that talk about exercise and say, Well, I don't want to exercise, it's too much work.
But there's a lot of different things you can do that are enjoyable that you don't have to strain yourself or sweat or be real sore afterwards.
That's right.
Yeah.
And sometimes if you get a little soreness you feel like, Well I've done a good job because I got, worked myself to that point.
But I guess that you don't want to overdo.
But well have we reached our limit?
I'm not sure how long we've been talking
but,
Yeah,
I think we've talked about six minutes or so.
Okay,
well it's been good talking to you.
Been good talking to you as well.
Okay,
I hope your baby goes well comes out well.
Thanks.
Yours too.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
