Okay,
we're energized.
Okay.
Um, painting,
interesting.
Uh, the guy called me,
when she called me, the computer called me, I thought that they were reading my mind.
I'm in the middle of, um, going out for bids to have my house painted.
Oh.
Uh, painting is not hard to do, uh, as long as it's not in, not to the point of where it 's, uh, needs to be scraped and peeling,
No.
Right.
and our house is not
but it's starting to bleed through and burn through because the paint's real cheap
and it's just a hassle to go through it
so I'm looking for the easy way out.
Yeah,
uh, I know.
is easy to find uh, painters to do this for you?
It's easier to find painters,
but you have to be, you have to be aware of what, uh, how messy they can get and are they going to put on a good, a good two coats, and are they, going to caulk,
are you talking, outside or inside?
Exterior.
Exterior,
yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, interior's not so bad because it's more fun,
it's more,
but yeah,
Yeah.
outside you have high peeks, and those kind of things,
Yeah.
it can be a real issue.
Well, when we've painted, um,
right now our house doesn't have to have the same kind of exterior painting there,
it's more trim because it has some of the old asbestos shingles, on the back and there's some sort of stone or something in the front
Uh-huh.
so there isn't as much wood that has to be painted.
Um, but, it,
the problem is that it hits, the sun hits it.
So preparing is a real problem,
Uh-huh.
you've got to prepare it well
or else it will flake.
Uh-huh.
Um,
Here they,
some of the home builders are,
they don't put brick on the side of your house just to save money
so they put up, uh, a quarter inch Masonite, basically,
and they painted it kind of like a spun of a sorts
so it's real cheap.
And, uh, uh, I've had thirteen hundred dollar bid and I, as low as five hundred and forty dollars
so it's, just a matter of,
Wow. that's quite a range.
it's,
Oh, there one guy brags about his piece of equipment he's using and the drop cloths and all that kind crap
and I'm so much worried about that as what, I don't want it all over the brick and windows
Yeah.
and,
Yeah,
which might be a bigger problem than it would be, uh,
Oh, sure.
Yeah,
absolutely
So y'all, you haven't had any, any jobs painted in your house or recently .
No,
we 've have, uh, done a little painting ourselves, um,
we painted the bedroom, uh, well within the last couple of months,
That's fun.
and we have, we have some more that need to be done,
Uh-huh.
but the, the problem that we've, we've owned this house almost five years now,
and, um, when we bought it the, um, it had been vacant for a while because the family will retired,
but the daughter was a real estate agent
and she was selling it
and it's been lived in briefly by her before she bought her town house.
So she told us that the house had been, uh, professionally painted recently.
And it looked pretty good, you know, the, uh, the interior walls all basically white,
but they obviously had been done without to much, uh, wear afterward.
The only problem was when we started having the movers move the furniture in we identified various rooms by pieces of masking tape on the uh, the door frames,
Uh-huh.
when we took the masking tape off half the painted came with it.
Uh, that's not very,
Big long strips.
So what had happened is that professional painters had not prepared the surface properly.
And some of still has to be redone.
Oh, they just painted over varnished wood.
Yeah,
Oh, my,
well, no
actually it had been, uh, it would have been, it had been a repaint job.
Um.
But they had not,
either they had painted with the wrong kind of paint over top
or they hadn't really roughed it up or whatever they,
because it was woodwork
so it looked as if it had been painted, correctly with, you know, uh, an enamel or something,
Uh-huh.
but, um, it had not,
either that or it had not been prepared underneath
and it was greasy or something,
Sure.
it comes off in strips, I mean not even little bit.
So we still have some of that trim work to do because we put it off all this time,
Oh, no.
we know what a job it's going to be
because you almost have to strip the whole thing, in order to do it again.
Um.
I wish you good luck.
Okay
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
