So, how do you feel about our policy in Latin America?
Oh, I'm all in favor of it,
yeah
No,
I, uh, I think we've been doing a pretty good job, you know, not, uh, not taking advantage of our, you know, of the financial dependence that most of the countries have on us, you know, uh,
I mean we could direct the government even more than we have been.
I don't think we've been doing too bad.
Yeah.
Well, do you think that's, do you think that's right?
Do you think, we should direct the government?
Um.
Well, I think that, uh, as a whole that the, being that the drug problem, the drug industry can, uh, bring so much money to a country.
I think that if it wasn't for the United States Government matching that the the drug, uh, cartels or whatever would control most the Central and Latin America.
Yeah
Just that, uh, money is power,
Yeah.
and, uh,
Well, I have a friend that's, uh,
his descendants are from, uh, uh, Nicaragua and, uh, very,
I mean it's like his mother, his, mother came over
Uh-huh.
and, uh, he, you know,
I just get sorry feelings for people that their family came from there and how they feel about, you know, our intervention and their government and stuff like that,
Uh-huh.
and he, he was all for it because it's just like you say, uh,
there's so many people there that, that get the kind of control that's bad, you know,
Uh-huh.
and that their governments can become so corrupt
and it's like, well, you know, I use to feel like,
well, they, they, should work their way, you know,
they should, should be able to work their self out of it
or, you know, why, why, why intervene in another country's, you know, problems and things like that.
Why, why should we be the ones that have to do it and things like that
but I think just a lot of times if we don't then, then it, then that influence will affect our country too for one.
And for two, you know, that it does help.
I mean, you know, I think the people in those country do want our help. The people that are under conditions that are, you know, not favorable to this their rights.
Right.
Exactly.
So,
Yeah.
Yeah,
But, uh,
But, uh, I wish we didn't have to.
I mean I'd rather,
even if a country chooses a government that's not, you know, exactly the kind of government that we have, you know or, or as in complete opposition to it, at least it's their choice, as long, as long it's one that's, that, that makes since, so to speak, you know,
it is a government that stays in power, that can stay in power,
but it seems like most of them don't you know.
Yeah.
Well, sometimes that's, that's America doing that too you know,
Oh, yeah.
we, we fall out of, uh, agreements with certain leaders
and then amazingly enough the country starts turning against our leader, you know
It's, uh,
So you think like C I A influence and our money over there.
That, and, uh, that and,
yeah,
America starts talking then about removing bases and, and whatnot and, stuff like that, and people.
Yeah.
Or, or government aids and stuff.
Right.
Yeah,
I think that has a lot of things to did with, uh, um,
Well, then how can you, how can you say as far as like in, uh, Europe, as far as the, the toppling of those kinds of governments, you know, like,
Yeah,
that was, uh,
I mean,
I'm, I'm really wondering whether that's going it settle down or not,
because on one hand you have, you know, that the, you know, the, Soviet Government, of course, mistreating a lot of the, uh, Slovak countries and then, on the other hand, you have, well,
Uh-huh.
they, they were feeding us, you know,
so, uh I don't know really what's going to happen.
Yeah.
But we don't, we're not intervening in that,
or do you think that we are to the degree that we are causing
Oh,
Are,
yeah.
I think we're getting quite a,
put it this way, I think,
no,
I think the people are, revolting themselves,
And,
Yeah.
and we're, uh, allowing, it to happen.
See, I, I agree with that.
Yeah,
Yeah.
I, I agree that, that the communication that now, that communication has, become so much more widespread and, you know, worldwide that people are realizing hey, we don't have it so good and let's stand up
Right.
you know, uh, this is ridiculous
we're living, with these kind of conditions in a world that's advancing as fast as it is
Uh-huh.
that, uh,
I think people are just saying, no way, we don't want anywhere of this.
Yeah.
I think, uh, Central America has always been one of those places where people are more passive, you know, where it's always the minority that are, are trying to make the country better.
Yeah
Yeah.
Well, I mean, I don't mean to,
well, I guess I do in a way,
sometimes I think a religion has a lot to do with that.
I think that, that, uh, because of those countries a lot, you know, where such Catholic influence.
And I think the Catholic religion itself was, was such a dominant factor, as far as keeping the people down, so to speak,
I thought, it was the other way around.
but,
They were always having to meet in the catacombs and all this,
so all the persecution that they're sort of use to it, it's been, sort of like, you know.
Uh.
But, but see, but I don't agree with that because the Catholic religion, as far as through the ages has been the rule, so to speak.
You know, they are the ones that set, that set a lot of the rules
and they are the ones that do keep the people down,
I mean when you a religion that most of the people go to church and they don't understand when anything is being said yet they're, yet they're expected to bow down to it, I think that keeps people in sort of line, you know.
I don't quite understand that.
Do they even understand what's being said?
Well, when, when it use to be Latin.
I'm just saying, that, the old church.
Oh, yeah,
the old church.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Which it's not that way now
but I think that there is, just that, I think that it's just Latin countries are slower in coming around.
Well, they actually understood,
it is in America where it was hard
Latin, you know is very, very, very close to Spanish.
Well, Latin,
Uh, they still didn't understand it though, I don't think,
Yeah.
because I, I descend from that.
And I, you know, I don't, can't, I don't understand Latin
Uh. Yeah.
and I'm of Spanish descent.
So um, I, I just think that has something to do with why Latinos or, tend to be, you know, the the more meek, you know,
they tend to be more,
like not stand up for their rights as much.
They're not really sure of what they are. I don't think.
Uh, I never really thought of, it that way.
Well, I mean, how, can you contrast the Europeans and their vocalism on their rights to, to say the people in Latin America.
I mean, why are they, why are they not as vocal
or why do they not, you know, stand up, so to speak, for their rights?
I don't know,
could be the, the economic still.
You know, the,
there's,
the poverty level is certainly, uh, you know, much worse in the Latin American countries.
I mean, you can say that about Africa too.
I think it has something to do with the poverty level because Africa is certainly not a Catholic, uh, country,
Uh-huh.
and yet, you know, they have the same problem where, you know, where kings and such,
Uh, I don't, agree with that.
I don't agree,
because I think that they are pretty vocal about it in, in, uh, Africa.
I think they've made a lot more chances.
They, they've, their very vocal.
Well, in South Africa,
yeah
In South Africa I think they are,
but yet, you know,
So, what's the difference?
Idi Amin was, you know, in power for so long.
Yeah. Yeah. *b
Uh, racial, I think
or like you say, maybe communication of knowing that, hey, up in other English colonies, or previous English colonies, everything is equal and yet down there it's not,
you know, I think communication does have a lot to do with it, you know, in education, maybe.
Yeah.
I don't know about education
because the black community is still not very educated down there.
So, I think it is communication,
it's just oopsy.
I think it maybe has to do with a a lot to do with education
because you look at the, uh, European countries,
I think they tend to be more educated, much more, educated than, than Africa or the Latin American countries.
Uh-huh.
Yeah,
that's true.
You know that,
I don't know whether, uh,
actually I, I've always wondered whether, how the education system works in the Russian countries, the Republics, you know.
Uh-huh.
Well, I know that Russia, they're, they're comparably more, better educated than we are, in our country.
Really.
That's good, in a way
You know, uh, something we compete with.
Yeah
Uh, and I've been sort of disappointed how that they, they say literacy rate has gone down, you know,
that's sort of upsetting, to think that we're richer and yet everybody is intellectually poorer
Yeah.
In our country?
In our country,
yeah,
Yeah.
that is really upsetting
and, and, considering it's free, you know,
I mean good education is really still free.
Yeah.
Well, that's just it though, good education.
Uh-huh.
Is it good education?
It may be free but is it good education
and that's just it
are we willing to pay for it, you know,
Yeah.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. *b
I mean a lot of people bitch and moan about the taxes and all
but, so are they willing to, pay for, you know quality education, you know?
So, you know, and yet they, yet people get very frightened when they see the Japanese moving in and the Russians moving in certain areas of technology, you know, that we use to dominate
and it's like well, you know, they're educating their people to higher degrees than we do.
So, you're going to have to expect it.
So what you,
are you willing to compromise a little and, and pay, pay some, take some of that money out of your pocket and pay for good quality education.
So, I don't know.
Uh.
But, I, I,
