Okay, um,
what baseball team are you familiar with?
Well, I'm only a little bit familiar with the Red Sox because I lived up in Boston for a while,
Really?
and, um, and that's,
Oh, now come on,
no Texas Rangers?
after that, if you asked me that I wouldn't have been able to tell you if that was football or baseball.
Really?
I guess they paired two women together on this call for a reason which is something we can think about later
but, um, I understand a little bit about the Texas Rangers.
I know George Bush threw out the first pitch hitter bounced off the ground
and that, um,
yeah ,
I heard a joke on the radio yesterday that, in regard that he didn't design the patriot missile system,
and, uh, the radio's kind of cruel,
I mean, think, the, he, this chain that must have been on President Bush to bounce the first pitch off the ground,
I mean, how humiliating for a man to do that, any man.
I don't care if you're President.
Yeah,
but at the same time, I don't know, it's pretty far to throw that far
I couldn't do it.
I know
but he's a man
come on,
men know how to do that, right?
Right,
he's supposed to be able to do that.
I know so,
I felt kind of sorry for him.
that must have been hard on him because he's just a person
but, um, I never ,
a major owner of our of the team here.
Oh, really?
I didn't know that.
Yeah,
he's like, I thought he was the owner
but it turns out my Mom said that he's part owner
but he must own the biggest chunk
because that's all you hear about is, if, you know, about Neal Bush I think is his name.
Uh-huh.
See, I even know his name because he's on the news a lot,
and I never had to watch the news not, you know, not like some people hour and a half a day or anything.
Yeah,
and I've been watching, uh,
my husband's French
and so if I've been watching the French news, when I watch it.
Uh-huh.
It's incentive ,
speaking of Bush, we're going to get a little off topic but speaking of Bush, they that had a story where he went to visit some little, uh, elementary school students, and stuff.
Oh, I saw that.
Did you see that, where he, the guy asked him for proof of who he was,
Yeah.
he said his .
I want to see your driver's
I, I, I don't,
I know
and see a credit card
you're not President Bush.
I know
and he said
yeah,
it does so fast ,
I heard it on the radio.
I heard the audio portion on the radio in the car
but I didn't see it
but,
It was so funny to see,
it was a really cute little kid too.
That's about my extent of, um, about baseball,
I don't know, that much about it.
Well, I can tell you, that the Mets opened, I think, two days ago,
Uh-huh.
because my brother was supposed to go to the opening game,
and I couldn't tell you who pitched,
Uh-huh.
but they won,
the Mets won.
Did they?
But, yeah,
not my a lot, *sp? by
and then somebody else lost,
maybe it was the other New York team which is the Yankees,
Uh-huh.
but I don't even know if they're still New York Yankees, or New Jersey.
That's so stupid that you all have two teams.
Yeah.
That's really stupid.
Well, but it,
then they can have them play against each other.
Yeah,
I know.
I think it's still the New York Yankees, you know,
Yeah.
I thought they were moving to New Jersey
This is how much I know about baseball.
The Texas Rangers, they, they lost, I think.
Uh-huh.
But I know that last year
we did go to a baseball game last year.
We got free tickets because someone at our church, one of the deacons at church, um, parks cars at The Mansion at Turtle Creek which is like one of the, uh, the places and stuff.
Uh-huh.
And he's their head chauffeur,
is this funny, as they're parking the cars the valet service.
Right .
Yeah,
he makes good money too doing that,
you'd be I was shocked,
but anyway, someone gave an Iranian a tip of four Rangers tickets last year,
Uh-huh.
and then the Iranian couldn't,
he didn't want them,
so he gave them to Alan,
and Alan and his Dad had plans that night
so they gave them to us,
so he decided that some wealthy man tipped this Iranian, with baseball tickets,
With baseball tickets.
and we ended up with them, right.
And so we were, walking up
Yeah .
and I looked at my husband
and I said, you know what Kyle this is The Mansion at Turtle Creek a tip
I bet these are really good seats
and so we ended up on first base right down there on the floor,
Wow.
oh, yeah,
we they called us at five
and the game started at seven
so we just threw everything together, ran over and got the tickets and walked
and so we took two kids with us
and nobody brings two children in these seats, you know because,
Because they're fancy seats and stuff.
yeah,
and you just sit down
and all the girls were all dressed up you know,
I just was there, you know,
like I'm loaded,
I'm here, you know,
and, uh, it was just kind of funny
because, you know, but we got to sit by first base
if they did hit a ball I would have been afraid it would have knocked my face in, you know.
I know I'm always scared of that whenever I go to a game.
I rarely go
but we went last year
because my brother, my brother is impossible, when, um, he does football leagues and baseball leagues and all kinds of stuff,
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
and if there's a game on, he's watching it.
I mean, that's all there is to it,
Really?
and he's like glued at the T V.
I'm glad my husband's not like that.
Oh, I'm glad my husband's not like that either,
I'd kill him
My brother's like that
and, um, see he goes to a lot of games,
not a real lot,
but he tries to go,
then my father got us some tickets,
Uh-huh.
so my brother's wife and my husband and I went.
Last year we wanted to show my husband what a baseball game was because, you know, being a non-American you want to see what a baseball game is like.
Uh-huh.
And he describes it as, you sit there in a crowd,
it was nice weather and stuff,
it wasn't a real problem,
but you sit there in a crowd,
and you're waiting and waiting and waiting
and you eat these lousy the hot dogs um,
because we made him try a hot dog, you know ,
That's funny.
and, um, so you sit there
and you wait for the longest time really bored,
and then all of a sudden something happens
but you happen to look the other way during the time,
You miss the whole thing.
yeah,
and so you're basically you sit there and wait for something exciting to happen
and when it happened he missed it, and didn't understand it Um, he grew up out, well, he grew up in , which is the, sort of O strip east to west, eastern part,
That's funny.
Where is he from in France?
Uh-huh.
but that ,
Yeah.
I have a, I had a friend in college from Strasbourg,
Yeah,
he's not that far,
he was sort of in between Strasbourg, and Paris.
Uh-huh.
Paris.
And my cousin lives in Paris
and she's lived there for like, oh, off and on for twenty years.
Oh, is she still there?
Uh-huh.
Because,
Saint Claude is that sound familiar?
Yeah,
Saint Claude,
Yeah.
yeah,
we used to,
that's one of the, um, entrances to the periphery to get in and out of the city.
Oh, really?
And it, it, it, it sits right at the limit,
Uh-huh.
I exactly where she is.
But, um, we met in Paris.
That's neat.
Yeah,
she married
and they have twelve children.
Twelve children?
She has twelve children.
Oh, my God, the poor woman.
She looks gorgeous,
no
she's gorgeous
and she just liked having kids
and she's thin
and, I mean, four or more children are thin,
Were any of them twins?
I mean, I'm not kidding you.
You probably can't afford to eat if you have more than two of them
No,
your,
I have a friend now that has seven.
And, um, and they're all eight and under, and nine and under,
Uh-huh.
they're all real young,
they're just raised right
that's what God's told them to do
but they're not condemning you,
if you,
we only have one child, you know,
they don't say, they don't put on bad or anything which is good because it would be easy, I'm sure, for them to do that,
you get a conviction like that
and you think everyone should have it.
And so I'm real proud of them because they're aren't really, they don't do that at all.
Uh-huh.
You go in their bathroom
and there's ten tooth brushes in there.
And I always give her a hard time whose toothbrush did you really use this morning
But how do they afford to even have the kids, uh,
we're expecting our first baby, almost any day Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
They live lean for one thing
and they tithe
and they
it puts a whole in your money bag, *spelling: hole
we don't honor God with this portion
and so they,
I think that helps a lot.
I think that's the key, in he, like his sales last year
he just works a normal job.
He probably has an income of thirty-five thousand,
but last year he made
that got him a bonus of twenty-five thousand which allowed him to pay cash for a full size van.
He loves God,
I mean, it was the biggest thing that any one in this company had ever done,
Wow.
and he got to do it
and so God just really blesses him in ways like that,
do trust God because, I don't know, kids are a blessing
and, and some people you know, we think of blessings as nice furniture and things like that,
but kids are just as much of a blessing inside these material things
but it's a different kind
and a lot times people think, oh, well, I'm not blessed
I have an old car.
But you've got five kids, you know,
Uh-huh.
you're just as blessed, probably more, because if you follow this,
there's a good book called WHAT THE BIBLE HAS TO SAY ABOUT CHILD TRAINING, by Richard Fugate
Uh-huh.
and he's, you know,
a lot of wisdom in it.
And the kids at BIBLE talk about anything
but training, and training is different than anything else
in, in psychology doesn't address it.
A lot of the psychology stuff, the good stuff that's in psychology it just comes out of the BIBLE
and they don't quote you the proverb out of it,
but the things that work in psychology other the years that they've proven to work, they just come out of the BIBLE
and so this book it just really all these things and how to train the child
so they're not going to be a curse to you when they're thirteen.
Uh-huh.
What I mean how to train them so they're going to be a blessing
and so, you know, they do that
and they, they just live lean pretty much
they don't, she doesn't shop at Foley's you know, and stuff like that.
But a lot women die or shop at Foley's
so things ,
I, I don't know what Foley's is
It's like a Macy's, kind of store,
Uh-huh.
it's pretty nice
and everything's pretty expensive
and, you know, you just can't do that
and you don't go to baseball games as much
or you get pictures like we did.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
You do these fun things, you know, in other kinds of ways
and I know Manhattan's real expensive
but, um, it's kind of a different situation because you're probably living in an apartment, right?
Yeah,
well, that makes a really big difference.
But, but, still it's just as hard as having, that,
Yeah.
but your cousin could have a baseball team with twelve kids
Well, church softball leagues,
so,
Uh-huh.
they're not all boys
and right now we don't have a girls' league because I'm the one that's supposed to start one
and I just haven't gotten around to doing it.
I keep saying we need to have one.
They go, okay, then start one.
But everybody wants to do it
but, you know, God's sitting on my heart
and I just hadn't gotten around to doing it,
but anyway, so they could really only have four members on the team.
I think they only have four boys .
I don't even think they have but two old enough to play yet.
Uh-huh.
But, um, then you didn't believe me about her kids *listen: this and utt2 as one utt
are the they are so good.
I'm not kidding you
but she does work with them
and it's a commitment
and, that, that's what they're called to do.
Uh-huh.
I have a,
most of my friends,
I admire someone that can do that, you know,
I really can.
I know,
I do too,
I, most of my friends have three or four kids
and they feel like, you know, that's really why God
and some of the people in our church use birth control
and some of them don't,
I had my tubes tied
so you,
