Okay.
Well, how do you feel about, uh, drug testing?
Um, personally, I don't have a problem with it, uh,
I think, uh, as far as, uh, protecting fellow employees, protecting their reputation of the company and the quality of work that the people do, um, it's justified.
On the other hand, um, I do agree that it's, it's a, it's an invasion of privacy as far as a person's involvement outside of work.
Yeah.
Um, I would never, I would never have a problem with anyone testing me,
but I can understand why people would object.
So, I guess, uh, I guess, uh, I'm kind of mixed on it, still at this point.
Yeah.
I am too a little bit,
I mean, I, I don't want to be around people who are really on drugs and that sort of thing,
Uh-huh.
and, and, you know, obviously they're probably not going to be doing a good job and so forth,
but I don't really like having to do it.
It,
That's right.
And I don't like the idea of it, it's, it's, makes too much of a big brother type of thing.
That's absolutely right.
It, it, uh, I guess it all comes down to, uh, you know, a, a definition of, uh, how much out, outside activities affect your work
and, uh, uh, granted, you know, that,
any, any kind of drug use on, on company property and whatnot, is, is definitely not acceptable.
Yeah.
Uh, uh, I don't think anybody would ever argue that. Or, uh, any, any after affects carrying over into the workday
Huh-uh.
but, um, you know, I don't, I'm not particularly concerned with what people do, um, after they leave for the day especially if I don't, if I don't, uh, see any results of it the next  day.
Yeah,
yeah,
I think so too.
But, you know, it's one of those things.
Well, it, it is, it, you know,
on the other hand you, you've got, uh, you've got the, uh, the possibility of people, oh,
you've got some people could be arrested for, uh, drug use, drug dealings and things like that,
and, uh, if their, if their employers name hits the papers and that it's, it's, it's a mark against them,
Yeah.
the company and, uh, you know, what kind of people work there,  what, uh,
Plus, I  guess, if they are in problem enough to be jailed or something of that nature for any length of time, then the company has lost what they've put into that employee, and their expertise or whatever.
That's right.
That's right.
Right.
even if it is, you know, a company policy of, uh, immediate termination or whatever, they still have to replace them.
Yeah.
And, uh, there's, there's a lot involved there.
Well, do you think that, um, it should be like we have this sort of random spot testing type of thing
or do you think it would be more palatable if we had some sort of regular schedule
or would that just allow everybody a chance to get out of it?
I think, I think the regular schedule stuff, um, that when you say everybody get out of it, that's a good point,
I never really thought of it that way.
Well, you know, if, if they have time enough they can,  stay off of it.
Yeah,
if  they really can,
um, I think the the biggest problem I've got is, is forcing it on someone after they've already agreed to the terms of employment.
Yeah.
Um, as far as the new hires, I, I hired on just early enough that I, I missed it. Um, where the new hires were concerned
but, uh, not, nobody, no,
I don't think anybody questions that, um, testing someone as a, as a precondition to being hired
but, um, for the conditions that, for our employment to change while you're on the job that's, I, I don't know, that, that's where I think that most people get upset.
It's, uh, you know, it, it's changing the rules in the middle of the game basically
and, uh, It's just, it, it's a really tough question
Yeah.
and it, you know, it,
people have, have really quieted down after everything started
but I still think there's a lot of, there's a lot of resentment.
I think so too, uh,
I know the, the group I was in at the time this all came up they, uh, were quite vocal about it, through electronic mail,
boy, they just really, you know let them have it from one end to the other, vehemently
Uh-huh.
You bet.
but, uh, it has quieted down,
but I don't think they probably feel any differently,
No,
that's right.
and some,  some of them did quit the company.
Yeah,
I, I know of some people who did, uh,
it was, it was indirectly related, you know,
they could always come up with other reasons
but it, it had a lot to do with it. Just the, the whole attitude,
because it's really, uh, it's just really,
it, it seems so
T I, you know, with the, the whole relaxed atmosphere that we have, um, to all of a sudden, uh, search for attitudes and whatnot.
True.
You know, there's not a lot of pressure to, to vote the right way or anything else around T I.
Like there, like there is in some companies or at least, you know,
from what I've heard,
Uh-huh.
but, uh,
yeah
Yeah,
I wouldn't like anything of that nature, you know,
Uh-huh.
No,
I,
don't tell me what to do, you know.
Absolutely not, you know,
it's, it's, it's, you know,
if you hired me I'll be, you know,
supposedly your grade was a little majority of my views and my qualifications to begin with
so, uh, you know, let's, let's stick with that original trust, I guess.
Yeah.
But, uh, it's, it's still, it, it still remains a tough question
and, it's, there's a lot of, you know, the whole, the whole department of defense, uh, reasoning behind the original plan and whatnot.
There's a lot of different things that, uh, come into play
but that was,
I think everybody, everybody pretty much knows that that was kind of a smoke screen to implement it throughout the whole company.
Yeah.
Well, I guess too if I thought that this would help really and truly do away with the drug problem, then that would be one thing. But I think it's too minor and too, you know,
Uh-huh.
in, in the whole scope of things this isn't going to, to have any real affect on, what's going on in the street.
I really don't think so.
Yeah.
I really don't because, some people are going to, are, are going to risk it, um,
it may prevent,
I, I guess, I guess what I'm trying to get at is, if it, if it, if it does help a few individuals maybe, maybe it's worth it.
Yeah.
Um, you know, it may prevent somebody who was, was teetering on the edge of experimenting or whatnot
but, uh, I don't know if, you know, the,
it's, it's a needs of the few and the needs of the many type situation
I don't know if everybody should have to sacrifice quite as much.
There, there's still a big question in my mind
that, the, the absolute refusal to accept the possibility of, of mistakes on the testing, is something that still bothers me.
Well, yes.
It, it's,
That,
yes.
I, I think that could be a big problem, you know,
I would just be irate if they said it was positive and I knew it wasn't,
Uh-huh.
you know, that just really rubbed me the wrong way.
Uh-huh.
Absolutely.
And that,
I, I don't know if, uh, I don't know if everybody understands all the implications on that too. even if you, you know, if you take, uh, a, a drug that was prescribed for you
but the, the prescription has run out you still had some left
and you happen to take an extra penicillin,
well, penicillin's not on the list
but, you know,
Yeah.
yeah,
I, I think you understand what I'm getting at,
Yeah.
it, it can still show up
and it can still flag as a positive
and, and those kinds of things obviously that's not the intent,
Right.
No.
and, uh, those are the kinds of things that still can show up.
I guess the one that really got me too was that, uh,
let's say your spouse is on a particular drug
and you know what that is,
Uh-huh.
and then you end up with the same problem
and you take their leftover medicine,
that's not allowed.
That's right.
You know, that's, that's totally out.
That's right.
I even had friends when I was going to college who were in, uh, pharmacy school
and they could legally, um, provide medicine to their family family members and friends
certain medicines were, were legal now
I, I, I believe, you know, any of the, any of the ones we would, we would be tested for wouldn't be on those lists,
Uh-huh.
but, uh, um, there were certain things that they could provide without a doctors prescription based on their qualifications
and,  that can happen.
Oh,  that's interesting.
But, uh,
Well, I guess we've exhausted that one.
Yeah,
yeah,
I think so
enjoyed talking to you.
You too.
Good-bye.
Good-bye.
