Here we go.
Okay,
um, now we're supposed to talk about social activities.
Right?
Well, the changes that's occurred,
like it, how was it, maybe ten, twenty, thirty years ago as opposed to what it is today
Uh-huh.
how we're living socially in comparison to maybe from that time period from ten, twenty, or whatever you remember it to be.
I think, um, well, I guess it would be like your generation compared to my generation.
I think your generation is, um,
what do I say, uh,
uh, they're, they're, they're polite,
they have more respect for, other people, just in, in general I think, and just, just towards people and property
and, um, I, I guess they would, would be more conservative, some of them I guess.
Yeah,
we are, uh, somewhat conservative,
but as far as the, uh, socially, our crime rate has increased,
and although it's more publicized as opposed to what it used to be it seems like violent crime is on the increase from what I've seen,
Uh-huh.
and, um, our prison population has significantly increased I would say.
Um, our economy, too, is really, it's just not what it used to be in the sixties or even fifties from history from what I've read,
and uh, even the,
Uh-huh.
well, it started spiraling down, I suppose, in the seventies,
and, uh, our recovery, uh, economically has not been like it used to be.
To me, also, our nuclear family is not the same because more people are living together that aren't married
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
uh, I don't, I don't know if, uh,
can't make any judgments of that nature,
but, uh, I don't really want to either because I have no problems about it either way
Uh-huh.
and, um, kids are, I, I suppose have been raised by single parents more than they ever used to
Yes, I agree with,
women are more on the rise too so far as getting their careers established,
Uh-huh.
and, uh, they don't no longer feel dependent upon men,
Well, Well, do you think that that maybe,
I mean, uh, I've heard different, you know, like, um, like
I know my mom and like other ladies, they complain because they think that, um, the women now are too busy with their own personal life and career that they really don't have time for their kids.
That's probably true,
I mean, they, they are, a lot of them that have to put their kids into day care or having more with baby sitters,
Uh-huh.
and, especially if they don't have boy friends or husbands,
and, uh, I guess that's why you always hear these stories about kids being neglected.
Yeah.
Uh, in fact, uh, there was one lady in this area,
she was caught going to work and leaving her daughter in her car all day.
Oh my gosh, just a baby.
Not a baby, she was old enough to, uh,
I would say she was five to eight years old somewhere along that range,
Oh my gosh.
but that's just an extreme example.
Uh-huh.
I would imagine, you know, the situations are out there.
Yeah.
Um,
Well, um, um, well, I think the education, like our education has, um, increased dramatically,
but then I think also that we're forgetting like basic things, like we should know
I agree there.
like I, I think, well, um, in the morals and values of like my generation for the most, for most people are totally different from the morals and valleys, um, values of like per se your generation.
But I think as we get older, it gets to your, you know what I mean.
I think the kids now are, are, I would say, louder now until after they reach like twenty-five,
and then I think they really have a strong decline and start to settle down and realize things.
Yeah,
um, I could agree with that, because used to conservatism was inherent at a much younger age,
Uh-huh,
yeah,
because I think we're given more now, whereas you had to work for everything,
and kids nowadays are just given so much that they really don't have to work,
and, you know, and they, they don't have any intent to go working until they have to.
Uh-huh,
that's an agreeable topic there
Um, what else considering beside family, economics, um,
our transportation system has changed for us.
I mean, we can, we can now travel around the world in no time.
It's just a hop, skip and a jump to get into a plane to go from the east to the west coast
Uh-huh.
and, uh, well, I, I think what's happened, too, is just our technology is just advancing so rapidly that, and there's so much information available out there that folks out there just have a hard time keeping up, aside from just going through their daily routine of living to get from day to day
Uh-huh.
and to keep abreast of the knowledge out there, we got to constantly read, go to school, uh,
T V watching has sure hasn't gone too much out the door because T V is still, well,
the cable system and the satellite dishes has made it to where a lot of people can just leave regular T V programming and watch a lot of other, a variety of programs out there, as well as use of the V C R
Uh-huh.
so that, I don't know if it really hampers or it helps our education system.
I don't know, because I know I don't watch, while I'm up here at school, I don't watch hardly any T V.
Like Thursday night I like to sit down and watch a few shows,
but I,
Do you watch L A LAW?
No,
I don't watch that
I used to,
but I don't any more.
I like that.
But, all,
I mean there are, even though there's a few up here, we call them couch potatoes,
they love to sit in front of the T V,
I
but for the most part, I will, I will,
well, I live in an all girls dorm,
but for the most part we're all between the ages of eighteen and like twenty-one
Uh-huh.
and there isn't really a lot of T V watching.
Well, that's good,
at least you're hitting the books, right.
They're either hitting the books or something else,
I don't know what,
but, I know, oh, well, I guess, they have their crowds, like during the soap operas, you know, like in between classes or something
Uh-huh.
but I can't say that there's really that many people that like sit in front of the T V all day.
Well, that's a change then,
oh, of course, going to school, too, it's different from the home environment,
Uh-huh,
but, then, um, like I know this girl.
She's doing her student teaching
or she's just working like within the school,
and, um, yesterday she was at the kindergarten,
and there's this little boy,
he like didn't want to do anything,
and he said I'm not doing this,
I don't like it,
and he sat at his desk with two pencils in his hand, and pretend like he's playing Nintendo you know,
Um.
so, uh, I don't know how,
I mean, I never really watched that, a lot of T V when I was younger,
but my parents really didn't allow us to watch that much T V,
so I don't know.
I agree with your parents, because, uh, T V kind of ruined me,
because that's that's all that we had
Uh-huh.
well, not really,
but, I mean, it's, uh, for the top medium of entertainment.
Yeah,
well, we watch a lot of, I guess we watched a lot of T V in the Winter time,
but in the Summer, like right now, my mom, well, like she doesn't let us watch T V until like eight o'clock at night, you know,
Even at your age?
Well, like my younger brothers and sisters at home.
Like when it starts getting nice outside in the Summer and everything she'll, she makes us go outside,
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
even now when I go home for the Summer, she makes us go outside,
and we're allowed to come in and watch T V until it's dark, because she doesn't like the T V herself
I see.
and if it was up to her, we wouldn't have one.
So, you know, she feels that kids are too dependent on it also.
Uh-huh.
Oh. Is there anything else?
Um.
Um.
What about in our work ethics?
Work ethics, oh,
I,
It's it's maybe getting better. Um, a little,
of course, we're having to weather through the savings and loans all the other scandalous items that, well, the greed that overwhelmed us in the eighties
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
and, uh, I think, I think it's going to have to have it's patchwork put on us because we have so much to pay for now.
Um.
It's going to be really passed on to your generation and maybe a few others including what's left of ours
Yeah.
Well, I really can't think of anything else.
Well, it was nice talking to you.
It was nice talking to you too.
And, uh, what are majoring in?
