Uh, I have, uh, I guess a lot of thoughts about the Vietnam War, um,
I, I guess I feel like I was pretty young while it was going on
and so there's probably a lot of things I remember and a lot of things that I really didn't have a clue as to what was happening.
Yeah.
Um, looking back, like maybe some of the things that I know now, I, I'm not sure I do believe it was worth the cost in dollars and lives.
That was one of the questions that she asked us to think about,
because I, because we never went to war.
I don't think we were committed to winning it and getting out
and I,  I  feel like it went on and on.
Right.
And I, I guess I see such a contrast like as opposed to the Middle East War we just had, where President Bush went out and got worldwide support for, for what was happening.
Right.
You know, I just feel like maybe we went in to be policeman
and I'm not sure that's our role,
but.
Yeah,
I, I agree with that,
I was, I was fairly young at the time too,
I, I really don't have very many memories about it at all, in fact.
Uh-huh.
And,  uh, my husband is a Vietnam veteran
and you know, he in looking at the Persian Gulf war that just went on, he,
it frustrates him because of the support that they have and the support that the Vietnam vets did not have, from the people or the administration, either one.
of static throughout Don't you think that maybe that's why we had it this time?
I mean I do think that, it's been too long in coming
but I feel like maybe the American people and, and the government are aware of the things that we did wrong that we didn't support that  that  those,
Right.
so many people were opposed to the war,
what it translated into was they were opposed to the folks that were there fighting it
and those guys were there doing their duty.
That's right,
I mean, they weren't there by choice
and, and,
Yeah,
and I, I think that we learned from that
and I think it, it's one of those things that you learn the hard way.
It was a tragic mistake,
Right.
the  way that they have been treated over the years and I believe that's just now turning around. Just now, you know, trying to be rectified
and I'm, and I'm not sure you can undo the damage that was done emotionally,  on  so many of the people.
Right.
No,
I don't think you can
and I, I agree with you that I, I think that the, the time difference between the two wars has allowed a lot of people to see the mistakes that were made in, in, in every aspect of it
and I, I agree with you also, that I feel like it was not worth the money spent or the lives lost to fight that war.
I mean they're still not settled over there.
No,
they're not.
And I have a feeling that the Persian Gulf crisis is going to be the same way.
Yeah.
I think we're going to end up back there in a few years or, if, if not sooner.
Well I, I appreciate the
I feel like President Bush is in a hard spot.
He went over there to get them out of Kuwait, which he did.
Uh-huh.
And  then he has backed out,
he has pulled out.
And I realize they're still saying, well here you're encouraging us to get rid of Saddam Hussein,
so why aren't you helping us?
And you see, I think him going in and doing that would be putting us in another Vietnam situation.
I think it would too.
And I don't think the U S will stand for it.
I don't think he would do that,
No,
uh,  I think we learned too much of the effects.
Yeah,
I agree with that.
Uh, you know whether it was justified or not, I know, that they probably felt like we were going in for a good cause.
I, I feel like maybe they felt like we were doing the right thing to try and help maintain the democracy over there and,  and  beat the communism,
Uh-huh.
but, but I think somewhere that got lost.  You know,  in the long term effects of the, of the war
Yeah,
yeah.
and,
you have to, you know, you have to give Bush a lot of credit for he, he said that's what we were going there to do
and he did what, what he said
and he did pull out before it got any further than that where,  where  it would have turned into more of a police action. Uh, or more of a political action I guess, you getting into their governmental affairs which you really can't do as, as another country.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I  mean, my, my biggest problem with all of these wars is we spend all of that money on all these other countries
and we have so many problems here at home that we don't address.
That we don't get fixed.
That's right.
I know.
And, and that's what frustrates me more than anything.
And I, I believe that we have to have a military
and I believe that we have to have a defense to keep anybody else from walking in and doing it to us.
Right.
But I also believe that we need to turn so much of that inward.
I think there's a lot of waste
and, and they don't, if they could just cut out all the fat and, and get it lean, and start addressing some of the other issues,
I think we could take care of everything. And quit taking care of all these other countries all across the world,  you  know, who just end up using things against us later on anyway.

I know,
I do think that in the Middle East war, um,
I think that maybe a lot of the Arab countries that were so hateful towards the United States have come away with, uh, kind of a different attitude.
Uh-huh.
Uh, I think that maybe we're not their big bad enemy any more.
Right.
An, uh, and I think that's good, you know,
Yeah.
I  think that's a good,
Yeah,
a lot of good has come from this one.
I think so too.
And I think, I guess, in, in, uh, ironic way a lot of good came from the Vietnam war toward this war
because like we, we said earlier, that, you know, the a lot of eyes were opened after years and years of, of that war
and and,
And perhaps the reason that good came out of the Mid East war is because we had the experience of Vietnam.
Right,
exactly.
So, I, I, I do think that, we've learned from it,
Uh-huh.
you  know, I, I, I wish there weren't war
Yeah,
no kidding.
But, uh, I do think we learned.
And I just, I just hate the emotional price a lot of the Vietnam people paid,  for,  you know, nothing.
Yes.
I mean, it was, they're, they still don't know what they were there for.
No,
there was no feeling of accomplishment, no goal,
no,
No.
we  went in
but what did we do.
We lost lives
and, and what were we trying to do.
Who knows.
Yeah,
that's true.
And, I, I think you're right,
uh, I think you're right there.
Um, I do remember when it was over.
I remember when they were coming home.
Uh, but, I remember the feeling back then, you know,
like I feel like right now, I feel like this country has been behind this war.
Uh-huh.
Uh, yeah,
there's a lot of people that aren't for war.
I'm not for war,
Right.
but I believe that the way that it was done and the way that was handled were right.
I don't remember that feeling back in Vietnam.
Right.
I just remember,
oh yeah,
our guys are over there
and it's sad
and we shouldn't be fighting a war
but there was no, let's support them, you know.
Right,
the,
when this war broke out it frustrated me all the antiwar people and, you know,  their,  all the demonstrations that were going on.
Yeah.  That's right.
I felt like they got way too much media coverage and publicity
because those kind of people, I mean, you know, they're the kind of people who are, who've always got to have a cause, whether it's good, bad of indifferent.
They've got to have a cause
and,  and, I,  you know, nobody says because you're supporting the troops that you're, you're supporting the war.
you have to support the people that are there.
That's right.
And for some reason those people don't see that.
They don't see it as supporting the folks, the people.
No,
no,
they don't
and, you know, they're just real shallow people.
I would agree with you there
Yeah.
I, I agree.
Um, and I, and I recall when President Bush said that, you know,
he said look,
I, you know, I'm sorry that you're opposed to the war.
There's a lot of us that are opposed to war
but, uh, you're not helping the people that are over there by what you're doing.
And I remember a lot of it kind of stopped after that.
Yeah,
But,
I  mean they're not helping anybody.
That's the, that's the whole point,
not.
they're not  doing anything for anybody except themselves.
That's true.
And I don't even know what they're doing for themselves. You know.
Uh.
Giving a soapbox to stand on
Yeah
But, well, I just, I, I'm glad we've learned.
I'm sorry we had the experience of Vietnam.
Yeah.
And, uh, and I'm, I'm, I'm especially sorry for the people that are, you know, have spent all these years trying to deal with it emotionally,
because, you know until the past four or five years, nobody ever really worried about that,  for them.
That's true.
Yeah.
And, and I think that's where we as American people really failed, you know, failed them.
Uh-huh,
yeah.
So, I don't know.
Well, do you have anything else you want to say on this?
No,
I guess not.
I think this is the first time that I haven't been cut off by the computer
I know,
we get cut off all the time, too
Usually I can talk all day
but this is something to me that's sad
Yeah,
it is.
So, well have a good day
and I appreciate the conversation.
Thanks,
same here.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
