What are your favorite programs?
Uh, it's kind of hard to put my finger on a, on a favorite T V program,
however, uh, one that I've been watching for a number of years is DALLAS.
And, uh, And, uh, it's going to be going off the air, uh, let's see, a week from a week from tonight.
Oh, how funny.
It's going to be its last show.
So I've, I've kind of enjoyed watching over the years.
I've been disappointed in it and also pleased in it.
And, uh, I was, uh, greatly disappointed, uh, when I did move down to Plano to, uh, find out that the, uh, the, uh, great South Fork Ranch was really only a one bedroom house.
I've seen the sign that goes to there.
I've,
well I think I've seen it in the distance.
Uh-huh.
But I have not even seen it.
And I have not seen the program.
Oh well, That's a shame.
So
And, and, uh, I know when we went to London, it was really funny.
Uh, people recognized Dallas, Texas, by the, the Texas, uh, the, the cowboys and by that program.
Uh-huh.
Yes.
And that's, that's the two things they associate with Dallas, Texas.
So,
I,
and I,
they asked me, uh,
several times, several times they ask me, why are there two bridges?
And I didn't know what they were talking about.
It took me a long time, they're talking about the viaducts.
Uh-huh.
Is that,
that is right, isn't it?
Yeah.
Because they ask me, why are there two bridges going into Dallas?
Darned if I know
I was blank looking, you know.
I felt really dumb.
Well, it's, it's, uh,
when you look at the, uh, you know, route seventy-five, coming down there. I mean, it's actually a bridge,
but it's a bridge over top of roadway.
There's no water there. I mean, uh,
Well, there's water in the Trinity.
I thought it was to, going to Oak Cliff over the Trinity.
Yeah.
Well there's, there, uh,
well they,
I think when they open the show up they give you two different views of Dallas.
Oh, do they?
One from the east and one from the west.
Uh.
And that's why.
Oh, I see.
But it kind of confuses people.
But, uh, uh, I enjoy, uh, uh, a lot of different comedies.
Um, I think it's mainly for an escape, um, you know, you, uh, my job is not the most thrilling in the world
and, uh, I enjoy laughing and, uh, some of the shows that, uh, are on the air, some are just purely, you know, brain drainers.
Uh-huh.
And then there's other ones that, uh, deal with, uh, in a funny manner, uh, socially relevant things.
And, uh, one show that comes to mind is like DESIGNING WOMEN. Uh,
I think that is just a hoot.
That's one of those few that I do watch when the television is on.
My husband likes to watch T V.
It's on.
I usually read and watch T V.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
But that's one of the few that I just actually watch.
Because it's funny.
Yes.
I really enjoy that one.
Yes.
It, uh, it has been very entertaining
and, and also, uh, the, the issues they deal with, uh, really tends to open, open your eyes as well as your mind to some of the problems.
And, uh, I've, I've really enjoyed that one since it came on.
Um, I don't like the politics surrounding the program though,
but, I mean, other than that, you know, there seems to be a little in fighting going on between the producers and one of the actresses.
But, uh,
and then, uh, I've kind of gotten hooked on P B S stuff, uh, public, uh, T V.
Uh, I like things like NOVA and, uh, some of the, the special programs they come up with on nature and stuff.
I just enjoy watching that stuff.
Now, we watch a lot of those.
Uh, and the ones that sometimes will hook me, to put down my book, will be the one, there was one, uh, recently about the Gettysburg Address.
Uh-huh.
And they wrapped a fictional story around it.
Uh-huh.
And I thought that was well done.
Uh-huh.
And, and it, it caught my attention.
I wound up watching the whole thing.
Uh, I guess the awards ceremonies, and there seems to be dozens of them per year.
Maybe I've spent two minutes watching to see what they on and if they make a fool of themselves or not
But they could take that whole collection
and it would disappear
Yeah.
I, I, particularly take issue with those.
I, I really dislike those.
Well I'm one of those rare guys, who, I, I rarely ever sit down and watch a whole sporting event, um, if ever watch one.
Uh, there's just not that much I'm, I'm interested in.
Um, for a while, I, I, I watched some football,
but I've just got too many more important things in my life now than to sit around and, and watch a baseball game.
You know, my husband used to just be riveted to the Dallas Cowboys.
And now, we're out running around,
and if they're, if they're playing, he'll turn it on while we're in the car to see what the score is,
and he'll listen.
But, even I've said, hey look, you're fascinated with this, you sit and listen to the Cowboys.
Let me run in here,
and I'll do some things
and I'll come back
and you don't have to miss, he'll say, na, na, na.
And he doesn't, he doesn't watch it.
He like I say,
if it's convenient he'll listen to it.
Uh-huh.
But he just doesn't watch them on T V like he used to.
Well I think it was great when they were, you know, like world champs and they were doing real well.
I, uh, I
personally, I, I came from the Washington area.
And so I was a big Washington Redskins fan.
Uh.
Oh, those people.
Yeah
And, uh, when I came down to Dallas, it was, uh, you know, I found myself rooting for the home team.
I, uh,
in fact I have a, uh, a baseball hat that was signed by Tony Dorsett and Hershel Walker the only year they played together on the Dallas Cowboys.
Oh, how neat.
Well, I actually got to go see them win in the Super Bowl when they went down to New Orleans.
Oh, wow.
And, I, I, I make the trip and did the whole New Orleans before the game and the game and everything
and,  uh,  that was, that was a lot of fun.
But, I don't know, I haven't been as,
I'll tell you what I love to watch. And this is not, this is rarely on television.
But what is a lot of fun to go attend, is this arena football.
Huh.
Yeah,
I like it so much better than straight football.
No,
I haven't seen that.
It, it doesn't,
it has a lot of different rules.
Uh-huh.
The field is half the size
Uh-huh.
and there's no,
they can't call time and things like that.
It moves a lot faster.
uh. Gee, I'll have to try to catch that sometime.
It's,
Uh, again I think it may be on cable more than anything else.
Yeah,
We  don't have cable.
that's probably  true.
Yeah,
we don't either.
I, uh, I couldn't rationalize paying, you know,
it's like if I pay for a movie channel, then I have watch what movies they want me to watch when they want me to watch them.
And if I, you know, if I didn't use cable for anything else other than the basic, well I can get that for free.
And well, I really don't need C N N, I see enough bad news all the time.
I don't need to see more of it.
So I, I've kind of, uh, rationalized that it's, it's probably a lot more economical for us to just go rent the movies we want to see.
Well,
And of course when we were living in Texas, it was real convenient with Tom Thumb.
Oh.
You know, having movies, uh, back then it was ninety-nine cents.
I mean, go,
They're everywhere, they're on every corner.
Yeah.
Everything you've ever wanted to see.
Um. You can see them a lot sooner than you can see them on any of the stations like H B O or Cinemax.
Well, and I like to rent tapes because you can put the thing on hold if you get a telephone call or something like that.
Uh-huh.
Or it becomes snack time for various reasons.
You can put, you know,
the only thing, this DANCE WITH WOLVES, I want to see it in a theater.
Oh, yes.
I do too.
Because I understand that, that your, you'll lose fifty percent of it if you don't.
Yeah.
And I, uh, I've been trying to get my wife to go with me to go see it.
She, she doesn't like going to movie theaters because usually they're dirty,
and, uh, you know, she just doesn't like them.
And, um, she doesn't think that she could sit still for three hours and watch the movie.
And I've told her, you know, everybody I know that has seen it has said that the three hours go really quick.
That's what I hear too.
And, uh, so I'm, I'm hoping I can get her talked into it soon.
Well, my husband smokes.
He's one of the dinosaurs that still smokes.
Um.
And you can't smoke in movie theaters.
And that has really slowed down the forward progress of going to movies.
But I haven't really cared up until this point.
But I,
we are this weekend going to go see DANCE WITH WOLVES.
It's,
that's it.
We will do it.
Um.
So,
That's great.
Yeah,
finally.
Yeah.
But as, as far as, uh, regular T V shows, I mean, I've got some, some shows that, that, that I would be afraid to admit to you that I've actually sat down and watched
And then there's, there's others that, uh, uh, I wish I had time to see.
It's like I enjoy watching CHEERS.
It's very funny.
Some of the things in it are mindless,
but I, I just don't have time to watch it.
Um, I think about the only night that I really sit in front of the T V set all night long probably is on Monday night.
Because, um, I work so hard over the weekend, doing other things with the kids and stuff and going to work on Monday.
Monday night I'm just worn out.
So I kind of use it as the time to catch up on correspondence and, and look over things.
And I can sit in front of the T V set and look at, you know, do, go through my mail and, and watch T V at the same time.
Well, I tend,
my job tends to be very demanding.
Uh-huh.
And to sit down and to mindlessly either read or just mindlessly stare in absolute comfort isn't as bad as it used to,
