All right,
I guess our, we're in the process of a home repair right at this point
because we're, we're painting the outside of our house.
I don't know,
I guess you would consider that a home repair.
Huh-uh.
Certainly, uh, uh,
and interesting enough, this time we're changing the color which makes it an addition.
What is your most recent,
We just did that, too.
You did that recently too, uh,?
Yes.
Does it make a big difference?
Oh, yes
we have brick on the outside
and, uh, the colors that were there changed the, and the colors that we painted changed the entire look of the house.
Huh-uh.
Completely.
That's neat isn't it.
Yeah.
That was really exciting.
It was fun.
I was really, really tired of the color.
That it's, it's helping.
We're not quite through,
but it's, it really is looking good.
Uh, we went through a process of, of, uh, home repairs on a, on a rental house we had,
probably the most extensive and, uh, the interesting part of it was how much we learned about what we could do.
Um, we didn't have very much money
and so we had to do it ourselves in kind of a slow process,
but we learned how to do, uh, retile bathtubs and, uh, oh, just all kinds of things that are unusual.
Huh-uh.
So the other thing that we did was the roof of our house.
Huh-uh.
And, uh, we did that a different color also.
Yeah.
Of course, uh, being a woman most of these things were done by the men.
Huh-uh.
And, uh, so I wasn't directly involved
but, uh, they really were helpful, I know, to our house.
It's nice to not have a drip through from the roof, isn't it
Yeah
Yes
That's awful.
Um, Howard and I were talking about home repair the other night and, uh, in connection with scouting.
We've got a scout coming up
and, uh, uh, I think it's neat for young people to learn how to, uh, take care of their, of a household, you know, like, uh, fixing faucets, dripping faucets,  and  putting in panes of glass and stuff like that.
Huh-uh.
As a matter of fact, one thing, I have a young son
and one thing we did, was we had paneling on the inside of our, uh, front of our house, or the hall way of our house, rather,
and we were repainting the, the front room in the hall there,
and we took down that paneling
and he helped me
and, and, uh, he was, it was fun to work with him. And, uh, and, uh, help putty up the holes together and, and do things,  like  that.
Huh-uh.
How does the paneling,
it looks lots better than,
do you like it better?
Oh, I like it so much better.
It makes it so much lighter.
Yeah.
You know, it really does.
You know, and people that have been to my house before and then now really have liked,  much  better, too.
Huh-uh.
That's nice.
It's been fun.
Nice to have it come out positive and look,  look  good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Well, we have a lot that needs be done.
We have, uh, uh, carpeting,
and, and we did have a new, uh, floor put in our kitchen.
And, um, I have my mother living with us
and so she was in a room with a carpet
and, of course, she's quite aged,
she's ninety-three now,
so that meant she had problems now and then
and it was really good to get the carpet out of there and put a linoleum down.
So it was easier to clean and see where the dirt was
and  so  that was a really positive, uh, uh,
Huh-uh.
it was fairly expensive though.
I, I was impressed,
I think, that, uh,
we had somebody do it
and it was, it seems to me like it's probably more expensive to put down linoleum almost than it is to put down carpet.
Huh-uh.
Kind of depends on the quality of carpet, I suppose,
Yeah.
but,  uh, in the case of the linoleum they have to rip up everything and, and fix the floor
so it's, uh,
I don't know,
what ever,
but they have to put stuff on the floor
and it's, uh, kind of a process.
Well, it sounds like you have some pretty good experiences with, uh, with, uh, uh, home repair.
Huh-uh.
We have.
It's been really fun.
Yeah.
All right.
Happy home repairing.
Okay.
You too
Bye-Bye.
Bye-Bye.
