Yeah,
I think, um, this is a tough subject because, uh, when you come from two different parts of the country, uh, the political views are really different.
I, uh, I, I guess I've had to discuss a number of what might be considered controversial issues,
Uh-huh.
I  guess like, like they're nothing, I guess, nothing is as awful as abortion
but like gun control and, uh, day care an things like that,
and there are some very different views, uh, of the people connected with the program which I thought was really interesting, you know.
Well, now you, you say two different parts of the country
what, are, are, are you referring to yourself
or,
Yeah,
well being in, in Baltimore see,
Maryland is, um, is sort of, um, is as, as a hub of liberalism  you  know, compared to the country, uh,
you know, very, uh, in, in many ways, uh, very liberal
very somewhat to New England
though Pennsylvania and New York, uh, I, aren't actually as liberal,
Maryland is a very liberal, uh, state
so, so, where here we have, um, we have gun control laws
we probably have some of the strictest gun control laws in the nation
and most people in Maryland vote for that, you know.
Uh-huh.
So, it really is a different, um,
Uh, well, of course, you talk gun controls down here in Texas
and you're asking to be lynched.
Yeah,
that's, that's right talk to,
I had to talk about gun control with somebody
and I talked with a woman who actually, you know, had just purchased a gun that day,  and  was going target shooting, you know,
Uh-huh.
and it was very different
it was a whole,  different  view.
It's really, um, this has opened my eyes to thinking, you know,
at one time I just sat here and thought, well, how can anybody believe that
because I'd really never met people that did,
and now, I talk to people that do.
So that's, it's really interesting.
Well, it's very true,
now I'm a, uh, New Yorker by birth.
Uh-huh.
Although I claim Florida as my home now, uh,
I have two sons living down there
but I also have two sons living elsewhere,  one  in Tennessee, one in Mississippi.
Uh-huh.
But I lived in in Florida for ten years
and I kind of like it down there,
but they had a gun control law which went a little bit too far.
Yeah.
I think uh,
well in your words, they were a little bit too liberal.
Yeah,
isn't it funny.
I mean they they I believe if I'm correct I believe they permitted their carrying concealed weapons.
Uh-huh.
But they uh quickly did away with it.
Uh.
Yeah.
I think in the next session they they uh modified it
but it's still legal to own or possess weapons in uh uh Florida.
Yeah
well you can possess 'em here too
but They have to be they're registered
and Uh, like uh the the Brady Bill that's currently being discussed nationally and whatever is very well supported here, in gun control avenues,
The the one week uh seven day the delay
You have the seven day waiting period.
Uh huh.
Yeah
Well I don't mind that too much
that's uh that's
I'm I'm with the N R A myself.
Yeah.
And uh, uh Really the only objection we have Is uh you you give a little
and next thing you know somebody's trying to take more.
Yeah
that's true
that's very true
That's and that's the way I guess most of the um the political organizations work you know
the same I know the abortion issue with right to life and right to choose
Yeah.
and and both of them are both want the extent of extremes so that they don't give anything for a balance you know
there's there's always that difficulty
Well then tell me
do you consider yourself a liberal?
Um I would say I'm probably liberal
yeah
Well let me ask you this then.
yeah
Sure
How is your what is your feeling about uh uh expressing yourself by burning the American flag?
Well I'll tell you.
I I think you know if they if they didn't give as much coverage to these idiots that burn the flag, it would never happen
do you know what I mean?
Huh.
It's only because they make a big stink over it.
But I I guess actually I believe that if somebody wants to burn the flag I guess that's their opportunity
They're they're they're right in the sense of freedom of speech
But I would never
Well now wait a minute there
Yeah.
you just said it.
It's their right by freedom of speech?
What does speech have to do with burning a flag?
Yeah.
Well it's
that they
I think the idea of freedom of speech goes back to
and I uh uh the the the whole aspect of being able to display your uh your ideas you know
the what the country stands on America stands on is that they can do that Uh,
though I would never even consider it in a million years to do it myself
I I I think uh you know
but I I still
what the flag stands for I guess to me is that if somebody wants to voice their opinion or display their opinion openly and if that is a a way that they can show their opinion then they should be allowed
uh
Now uh Well I I still go back to ...
Unless the burn unless the actual fire hinders somebody's health and well-being you know
but I I think that's I guess that's I that's my opinion
Yeah
I guess you feel differently.
Then would you condone the burning of the capitol building?
Uh, no
but I think that's that's uh it's that's taxpayer's money.
If somebody buys their own flag and and burns it that's fine
but that that's you know that's destruction and of uh public property and whatever.
Uh, then you don't draw a line between public property and uh uh uh what a public uh symbol.
No
I don't know
I guess the symbolism
oh I think what America stands for is the right to be able to disagree with the government.
Uh yeah
Uh I think that's what's made democracy
but here again I go back to the second amendment
You can disagree by freedom of speech which, has nothing to do with action.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Well that's that's true
Now I am I am adamantly against that.
Yeah
But I think I I
Yeah
I I I guess the idea you know they always keep saying like the framers.
Um. there uh one of the Republican the appointees for the the judicial bench
and they always talk about they feel that this person believes in the framing of the constitution what the original framers the ideals the original framers set down.
Uh-huh.
And Um  I believe that the idea of burning the flag is is in
huh.
my understanding of how it was framed is that you this the thing about this country is that you can disagree with its government
and you can display that.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Uh, I Yeah,
I
and and so that as a freedom of expression and speech and whatever I I think that that's viable.
Um as long as it's your flag and and you've made your your point. I think.
Yeah
Because, realistically, like for you for you you don't think it's right
No.
And I would never do it.
I I love this country too much,
and that symbol means a lot to me.
Uh-huh.
Um. But I guess it's just one of those things where if they if that's what's something it's a need for them you know.
Well here again we uh
even though you uh physically you agree with me you you wouldn't do it yourself.
Yeah.
Yes.
No.
Nevertheless you maintain that it's it is the right of of any citizen to burn the symbol of their country.
Right.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
Uh, um so long as it's their possession.
Ok, you're you're that's fine up to there except that uh, what that flag symbolizes is uh uh is this country,
Uh huh.
and I used to know as a Boy Scout
but all I remember was the red in the flag represented the blood that was shed to to create this country, and to maintain it.
Yeah.
And, to me that's uh uh black eye to every man that ever uh carried a weapon or killed for his country.
I agree there too.
I agree with you there too.
I I the um I I it's I find it you know personally disgusting
But I don't think that I don't think that uh we have a right to stop somebody from that you know
Uh-huh.
the same I don't know
I guess I get I get uh all mixed up inside. when, Yeah
It's It's very easy to do.
it when it's uh it's an emotional issue,
and you sit
and you try and think about it logically
and and and you know you try to say to yourself now emotionally this is a disgusting thing,
uh but logically um
even you know for instance, the pro life pro choice movement, uh you know
I don't know anybody that actually supports abortion,
but they would vote pro choice.
Uh
Uh-huh.
because you know That's just a disgusting thing you know
somebody
an abortion means it's somebody's in trouble and that it's an awful thing, you know
Well I think it should be permitted under certain
but
Yeah.
but it that's uh that's what I mean,
see,
but but realistically when you think of it it just sounds like such an awful thing,
and it evokes an emotional response.
I think that's the hardest thing,
I don't know if I could ever be a judge, because some things emotionally just aren't you know
Uh-huh.
Huh.
Well tell me
has it ever been decided when when is a uh fetus a human?
No,
no
I think the um
sometimes I guess
what did I read recently
the um the uh Christian uh point is is always the point of well it's at conception
but then um a friend of mine's a doctor and argues with others that conception is a biblical term.
And there's no concept of conception in medicine or biology.
Huh.
so then that so that throws out that idea makes it a religious discussion then.
So it's
I don't know.
It's very it's it's uh you know It's a it's a topsy-turvy world
and it's really something how um political ideas and viewpoints within one country can vary so much and also within um within a,
Or they
on their within the own uh society, it can vary.
Yeah
and how Yeah
how it'll sway from one one extreme to another.
Uh-huh.
Uh I think that uh you know I I just read something I think in TIME magazine uh about um protest
