Well, I'm talking to you from Dallas.
What part of the country are you in?
Oh, boy, this is going to be tough, I'm in Plano
Well, we can, uh, complain together or swear we can complain together about the humidity
Exactly.
I guess the weather hasn't been too different between us.
No,
I don't think so,
I wouldn't think,
yeah.
I,
what part of Dallas are you from?
Far north Dallas
Oh, north Dallas.
Yeah,
about a half a mile from Plano
Well, jeez.
So we're in the,
Well then you've been  getting quite a bit of rain also.
Yeah,
it's been very, very rainy, I know.
Oh
How about that.
How does it compare to the years past?
um, I don't know, I haven't lived here, let's see, we lived out of state in Wisconsin
and we just
we lived here ten years ago,
and when we first lived here, we we were in Garland, East Richardson, and, um, doesn't seem like it was quite as humid.
Uh-huh.
Oh.
And, I don't know, then we went, we lived in, uh, Madison, Wisconsin for five years, um, for my husband's schooling, graduate schooling,
and it just,
it's a lot cleaner up there,
but, um, it's a lot colder too.
Huh.
Well, what brought you guys down to Texas then?
Uh, his job, he came back to start work again for a different company,
so,  said,   Here, here's  a
How   about that.
here we are again.
That's great.
It just seems a little more humid than it,
I don't ever remember, of course, you know, you only remember the good stuff,
but, um, I just don't remember the humidity.
Right.
Well  definitely, I'm sure, the winters are more mild here.
This  much rain, and this much humidity.
Uh, yeah,
they are.
Actually, though, it was a lot rainier here in the winter, uh, we came back last August.
Uh-huh.
It's just a lot rainier than I remember it, all through the seasons, you know.
Sure.
Um,
It seems that progressive,
I've, been down here five years, just over five years now, that, every spring and summer seems to get more and more rainy.
Yeah,
and I think it's because it's just getting more crowded and more polluted.
I really do think that's part of it.
Huh.
Um, uh, in, in Wisconsin and Minnesota, when they get winters it's, um, the winters are bad, but not what you hear about.
It's just like down here, when you hear, when people here think it's a hundred and six, people up north think it's a hundred and sixty down here.
A hundred and sixty.
I'm making that up.
Uh-huh,
right.
You know, when  it's only like ninety-five.
Sure.
Um, it's just like up there, when you hear it's forty below, it's probably really only five below.
Right.
Um, and it's so dry, that it's, it's like going to
well, probably what Arizona used to be like, you know, it's just dry and cool,
Uh-huh.
so it's not, it's not what you think it is.
True.
Um, no,
there have been times, though, when it gets so frigid that you you can't stand it.
Where did you move here from?
Colorado.
Well, there,
you could talk about that, that's,  that's a strange state for,
Oh sure, I, I'm uh,  I'm very familiar,
my grandparents and all my relatives are from Wisconsin.
Oh, there you go, okay.
So, I'm, uh, quite familiar with how it is up there,
and if you,
kind of interesting, uh, the people down here typically don't think it gets above, you know, fifty degrees
This is very true.
And it's always snow, you know,
but, uh,
Yeah,
right,
well actually, the summers up there, we thought, were the most beautiful time of the year.
Oh yes.
Um, in terms of Colorado, I know my husband likes to camp and backpack and all the stuff I don't like, um,
but I'd,
used to go on,
I worked for a mortgage company in Wisconsin
and I did a lot of business in, uh, um, well, Denver,
and that's, that's probably one of the stranger things, when you see the air inversions, and then you go into the mountains
Uh-huh.
and it's snowy
and uh, it just was a very mixed bag in terms  of Colorado.
Oh sure.
My parents just live, uh, thirty miles south of Denver
and it can be sunny and, and no problem in Denver
and they'll be having snow
Isn't that strange?
So it's pretty amazing, it can be that drastic in just a short distance
Yeah,
and then things like
are there tornadoes in Colorado, yes or I don't,
Uh, it's getting to be more and more of a possibility.
Yeah.
It used to be no problem, just because it was such a, a rugged terrain and with trees everywhere,
but now,  as they start to clear  more things out.
The mountains,
yeah.
Even, I mean,
I'm originally from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania,
and I can tell you that, um, they've even had,
in eastern Ohio and western Pennsylvania, they've even had, I'm going to say, mini tornadoes for lack of a better word.
Uh-huh.
And, and that's just a part of the country that it's rolling hillside.
That was unheard of, you know, twenty years ago.
Right.
Um, so I don't know what's happening, if it's, you know, we are, the greenhouse, I don't really know.
Yeah,
me neither.
It's just, you know. It's definitely not as, um,
But,
I know I associate the pollution with weather in general,
so I guess one thing we do miss, is that's a smaller town,
and it it was,
it just seemed a little bit more pleasant in terms of the atmosphere, you know.
Sure,
sure.
Well, it's been good talking to you.
You too.
Good-bye
Okay.
Good-bye.
Bye-bye.
