Uh, well I mean I've had time to think about it because, uh, we've had,
uh,
there's been a great deal of difficulty in finding someone to talk to
so. So, um, I, I was thinking about a couple things, uh and whether they are serious.
Oh, okay.
Uh-huh.
Some things are serious
and some aren't.
I guess the biggest thing that bothers me is, is, uh
Uh-huh.
not the biggest thing,
but one of the things that bothers me is the credit information, uh, situation, that you, uh, that you find yourself almost compromised into giving if you want any sort of credit, extensive checks and, and things of that nature.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
When, um,
I, I, I mean I, I don't know if that's an invasion of privacy, simply, I, I do I do feel it is
but I don't know whether, some of the questions they ask are legitimate uh, because they are the ones who are making the profit out of your
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh,
Well what's scary is, uh, uh, about two, three, four months ago on a in the Sunday edition of what is called the morning paper here, The DALLAS MORNING NEWS.
Uh-huh.
They showed a reporter and a, um, and a copy editor how they went out
and they just took, um, a fellow in John Q. Public in Dallas
and all they had was,
let's see, they had his they had something like his birth date, the street address,
um, they weren't even sure of the correct spelling of his last name, excuse me,
and it was, um, very scary to see what they found out.
I mean they were able to find out what liens he still had against, you know, two or three houses, through a two divorces, children's names, locations,
um, it was really frightening.
Well I guess, I guess then it's just the big brother concept of the fact, that once you give your social security number there are people I guess who are, who are, uh, actually collecting all this all the time
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
I understand, uh,
I read the other day that, uh, these telemarketeers when someone talks to you on the phone uh, all, all they need now is your telephone number, which I guess is involved in this controversy of whether they can reveal your telephone number or not.
Uh-huh.
Right,
uh-huh.
I, I, I feel that is an invasion of privacy
but it,
I do too,
yeah.
I don't, the other thing I don't like is, um, in terms of uh,
like we just moved here from, uh, Minneapolis
and, uh, to get the, the very nice townhouse that we're in, you were required by the property management firm that was representing a private
Yeah.
you know, husband and wife, owners, um, who had never done this before.
They, um, asked us for again an astounding amount of information
and what we really didn't have the same opportunity,
you know, and I guess that's when I also get upset that if you're going to do it then I want to do it too.
Yeah,
exactly.
Um, in terms of the credit,
yeah,
I know, um, we're also going through adoption now,
Yeah.
in for an adoption,
and I mean after we gave our fingerprints to the F B I, you, you, look at each other, yeah, you look at each other and say, well, it's too late now.
Um, so I mean it's, it's a matter of anybody can get it any way and how if they really try, um.
Yeah,
I, I have a particular subject that not everyone agrees with me, uh
Uh-huh,
go ahead.
uh, well, by,
uh, I make my living by, uh, flying airplanes for, for a company.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, as a, as a, uh, an airline pilot I have to take random drug testing.
Uh-huh.
I mean it seems to me the public outcry was for that at the time,
so I when I finish a, a certain flight on a random basis I have to, uh, have a a drug test
Uh-huh.
and, and, and that's without uh, probably cause,
Uh-huh.
and, uh, in the end now, I mean they've tested, they've spent forty million dollars
it isn't,
and they've found, uh, I think, uh, in pilots anyway, of something like, uh, uh, eighty-six thousand tests there's only been two guys have come up, uh,  three guys have come up positive,
and one of them was a bad test,
so.
Positive for anything,
see yeah.
See, uh, and I just started working, well for an electronics firm down here,
I used to be a reporter.
Yeah.
And then now, I'm in corporate communications,
Yeah.
and, uh, part of that excuse me, was, as a new hire, that I had to take a drug test,
Drug test,
and I had never been asked that
and I thought, um, I really didn't like it.
Um, I, I have very mixed feelings about it.
I don't disagree or agree with you.
Yeah.
Um, I think I think that it's well
and you're in that field,
so I don't know,
but it's,
you know, we lived in, uh, Minneapolis when the Northwest Airlines pilot in the Dakotas,
Yeah,
right.
yeah,
that hit the fan like, uh,
you, uh, you're obviously aware of that, um
Yes,
I am.
I don't know there should be some happy medium in terms of,
if they're going to do random, um,
I, I don't agree with random,
Yeah.
um, I don't see a problem with that.
I do think, I see some level of necessity, um, in something where people are transporting other people, uh, only because of the things you've heard about.
The problem is
the reason I feel that way, even to a low degree is because it's the old story the minority make it bad for the, you know, majority, um.
Yeah,
I, I can understand the public's alarm to it,
Yeah,
I'm not alarmed.
but, I guess, having done this all my life, I knew that there wasn't a problem
and, and it, indeed it has proved out that way,
but now, try to get the damn thing repealed, you know.
You can't,
yeah,
I know, it's, um.
I guess I feel bad because,
uh, not only that
but in some of the instances like you just cited where you have to give your fingerprints, I mean what, what happens if you say no.
If you say no then you're excluded
and I,
doesn't seem the courts,
Right,
right,
it's a matter,
and that's, um, exactly what it is.
Yeah.
I mean, that, that kind of screening in general is a matter of exclusion.
Um, if we didn't give it we wouldn't go to Romania.
That's right.
I mean, if,
you hate to say that,
but that's the way it is.
It's my feeling also that, that, that although
I, I don't know if it's that serious,
but that was part of the question,
Uh-huh,
I do feel the courts have, have held up a great deal of, of our privacy, I mean particularly look in, in some of the, in some of the,
Uh-huh.
uh, I notice in some of the sexual cases they've held up a great deal of privacy, which I support of course,
Uh-huh.
but it I guess with our fear with crime and maybe airline crashes and things like that, it does seem that we've, we've slipped and that's eroded,
or at least those in the market place their everyday life seemed to take that as a signal that, you know, it's fair game,
you, you have to answer these questions, of course.
Uh-huh.
Uh, I don't know,
I, I feel there has been an erosion
and I don't really know how serious it is, except I don't like it
In terms of the privacy, yeah,
that in it,
and also, I agree with that
and in the, in terms of the question, um, in terms, uh,
I worked in medical public relations for almost a decade,
Um.
and that was pre-AIDS and all the other, um, things, that were probably there but just not excuse me, labeled
Um.
and I have a real problem with medical professionals,
um, it goes back to the things like drug screening
but if it's in any level even with the potential to endangerment,
Uh-huh.
um, and I think this is much stronger than, you know, pilots or, uh, train engineers being screened,
Yeah.
um, the transmission of the AIDS virus, um,
that's a real ethical problem.
I mean I don't, I don't have the answer,
I, I, you know, I mean I think of the young girl in Florida who,
well, yeah
that's,
was she from your part of the country?
Or was she from,
What was that?
The young girl that, uh, contracted AIDS through her dentist, allegedly.
Oh, yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
And then they proved it,
yeah.
Right.
I don't, I don't know, um, I don't know if it's the old story that we are killing ourselves in general, or what, um,
Well I mean it, it,
just take that, that step now, where, where now we feel there's a need to do that
and the next thing you know then, uh, there's always the need to, to go and inspect lockers of high school students,
Uh-huh.
Oh, yeah,
the,
I guess the question is, uh,
the, the thing for me is, who sets the parameters or who has the control, you know.
Yeah,
I guess so,
I mean well, uh, good luck to you,
you just moved to Texas from Minneapolis.
Yeah
Uh, I don't, I don't hold out much hope for you.
Yeah.
I think they'll be a cultural shock.
I mean I was based there a lot, uh, several times in the service
and I was absolutely flabbergasted at the,
in, in at least in criminal law some of the, some of the, latitudes that the police had,
Oh it's, it's
but.
I'm, uh,
very seriously,
more than just seriously,
I'm more than likely going to be going to law school in the Fall.
Oh yeah.
And, yeah,
if I figure out that's still what I really want to do
and, the things I'm finding out are the in terms of things like privacy, the way the law is interpreted, presented,
Yeah.
um, it's no better than journalism Um, except in journalism it's words,
um, this is very frightening in that, uh, oh,
and in, uh, in Texas they, they they do not require for instance for prospective adoptive parents, whether it's domestic or international,
Um.
they're one of only five states that do not require a criminal investigation check.
Yet, if you're caught with,
let's just say, um, that somebody who's in
not us,
but somebody who's need of carting, um, aluminum beer cans around,
they haven't touched them,
they haven't drank them,
they picked them up off the street
and they want to take them to a recycling, uh, resource for money, or whatever.
Um, they've, they've been going through a lot of bad publicity here in the last three or four months again, um, because they've been arresting people like that.
Well, I mean, I don't understand,
You know.
if you, if you don't,
if they don't make a criminal check, why do you have to be fingerprinted.
Because, um, in our case, one is at the state and the other one is at the federal level.  Because you have to because you have to deal with the I N,
yeah,
because you have to deal with the, uh, immigration service.
Oh, I see,
oh the state doesn't require it.
Well that's kind of, that's rather, that's rather unusual, isn't it.
Yeah
it is,
it's, uh,
the whole thing is,
I mean there's, again there's no consistency.
You know, like in your,
in terms of you being a pilot and being tested randomly, um, I can't see why after a certain number of years or after a certain time frame they can't do it at an interval,
or you know, I mean
Well I guess, I guess the extension of that is, why, why not,
the next thing you know, we'll just stop a random amount of motorists
and then if we really think that drugs are a problem we can randomly stop anybody on the street.
They, they do that in Texas.
Oh, they do?
They don't do it for drugs,
what they do is they check to see if you've got, uh, current insurance
or they check to, to see if you're permits are,
Yeah.
Well there's, there's all sorts of scare tactics, I guess, to, to invade our privacy
and,
Yeah,
I know
and it's kind of, um,
what's the word I want,
I don't,
it's
to me it's just frightening, you know.
Yeah.
I mean the old, uh,
I'm old enough now where George Orwell,
uh, way past time
I just going to say, NINETEEN EIGHTY-FOUR, is come is come and gone
Yeah.
but it's here.
Yeah,
it's exactly true,
I mean I,
And the computers, of course helps that.
The computer abilities store that information.
Well look at what we're talking now,
I mean, it's,
look how we're talking now,
I mean you wonder ultimately what a network of stranger, you know,
