Well let's see, um,
I, I like to go out to eat,
I really do,
but being from Dallas, um, I think we have an average of six or seven restaurants that open and close every month
and we we have a really high turn over rate.
Oh, really?
Oh yeah
and, and this is, I mean there are streets just called restaurant rows
and, uh, you can get everything here from, um, a very spicy Indian meal to, you know, the favorite barbecue and, and, uh, just anything your little hearts desires around here,
so, here they have to entertain us to make us come back.
Uh.
And  I guess it's all one big game because you, you just never run out of places to go,
you really don't.
That's good.
Yeah.
I never really thought about that,
but, uh, a good turn over would be sort of nice.
Course if you find a place you like and it works out that no one else likes it, it would be sort of sad to see it go under.
Really
and, and we go to, you know, like an older part of town
and we just notice how many, oh well
that restaurant's changed,
and oh, gee, there, they've changed
and, oh, we've got to go try that one, you know,
and it's, it's really,
you have the pick of the, you know, the crop here.
Are they big into ambiance down there
or is it more like,
Oh!
uh, Texas to me makes
it seems like it would be portions would be the big thing.
You know, your, your fourteen ounce steak with your potato and stuff.
Yeah,
right,
uh-huh.
Um, you can get that too.
No,
they've got everything here from the, uh, French Room which is ultra, ultra to, um, um, Dean Ferrings , uh, uh, restaurant which is the Mansion on Turtle Creek.
I mean we've got beautiful places to go.
You can get as dressed up or, you know just going to the local barbecue and just doing take out.
Uh-huh.
So,  you know I guess, uh, some of the foods that we really enjoy though are the, um, um, like Chinese,
Um
and we're  always searching around for Chinese.
And now, of course, they've added the Taiwanese,
and, and, um, uh, various, you know, any, any part of the country you want to hit, they have got it.
I mean, Vietnamese restaurant we went to, you know, last week. It's great,
it's good stuff, you
Uh-huh.
But, uh, it's, so it's very, very mixed
and, uh, you know, I think if you like food like we do,
I, I don't know if that happened before or after we moved here
but, um,  you  know, you get a lot of, uh, great variety of things here,
Yeah.
so.
But if you were going to a restaurant, say, um, where would you go?
Oh, well we had, uh, we have a lot of favorites here, uh, in Northern Virginia
and of course we've got D C to call on, you know,
Right.
and  there's all sorts of things down there.
One thing about D C is that there are a lot of traditional restaurants where, you know, it's, the guy used to be the cook for the Capitol
and so he stays in the same restaurant for twenty years, you know,
Oh, okay.
and he's  got a big clientele
and, um, so there are, there are some hang outs where you can go if you want to see people.
You know, it's, it's sort of like Hollywood in a way because there's, there's favorite haunts for Southerners and things like that.
Oh.
Um, we don't hang around with them, because usually it's, you know, ninety dollars a plate or something silly like that.
Yeah,
right
So, uh, but, uh, my wife has a, a friend that runs one of the restaurants down there
and we've been down there and had French cuisine,
and, uh, I don't know,
I don't particularly care for that sort of thing, just the type of food, just because I do like, uh, you know, getting a meal.
I see.
And, uh,  most French food always leaves me hungry for some reason.
I,  I don't know what they say about Chinese,
I'm always hungry after a French meal, uh.
That's true too.
And, uh,
but the, the atmosphere is just wonderful.
You do feel like you've gone out, you know, and done something,  when you go to  a French restaurant, or a restaurant downtown.
To another place,
yeah.
Well as out here you might have enjoyed the meal and go away feeling satisfied, it's not so much a, an event, you know, out in the suburbs when you go to a local restaurant.
Yeah,
well.
And there's, they're starting to get a little bit different, um,
they're, they're realizing that more of the, the people with the money are coming out and living in the suburbs, getting away from the city
and so there are a couple jazz houses, you know, that have jazz bands playing while you're eating and stuff like that,  which is kind of nice,  because,
Oh, there you go,
yeah.
Oh, we're sort of in the middle of, uh, the extension of the Cajun country too, so we have, um, a lot of ambiance provided by, you know, the, the bands and you know, like you said jazz bands and things like that.
You know,  you  go out
Uh-huh.
and you eat your crawfish and jambalaya and stuff.
Yeah
right.
You know, I, I really don't like that stuff
but my husband does.
He loves to cook it
so,  he  and a friend of his get together
Uh-huh.
and they cook, I mean, you know, like for a bunch of people
and, and, uh, it's really,
in fact, we do a lot more entertaining I think at home than we do going out.
So when we do go out we really, you know, want to be wowed by, um, the presentation, so to speak.
Right.
And, uh, you know, but, but there are little places, um,
and like I said, some of our very favorites are the Chinese restaurants, just to,
Uh-huh.
and  we do a lot of take out because everybody's so busy running around,
Yeah.
and  it's the fastest thing to do,
We have two, uh, two very special places in Northern Virginia that people go to.
Uh, one's called Captain Pell's which is a crab house,  you  know, being so close to Maryland.
Oh.
Right.
Maryland  is, you know, a big place for crabs with the, with the bay pretty much taking over most of Maryland.
Yeah.
And, um, Captain Pell's is a place with the big huge wooden tables inside,
and  people just go in there and just pig out and everything.
And then, um, the other place is called the Vienna Inn which is, uh, uh,
Vienna is a suburb of D C also in Virginia
and, uh, that place is known for the, the rudest waitresses in the country, are, are at the Vienna Inn.
And,  uh, people go there to be abused.
I mean, you actually go in there to be abused by the, by the waitresses and the bartenders and stuff.
And people come all over the country amazed at, um, the abuse they were seized.
And then it's on the honor system.
You pay totally on the honor system.
Um.
And so, you know, you tell them what you've eaten and what you drank or whatever
and they figure out the bill for you
and you're lucky if you get change.
Usually they, they take your change and throw you a couple of mints in your hand and say thanks, you know.
Because,  uh, they,
Got to carry through with the abuse, huh.
Yeah,
carry on with the abuse,
they say you need mints,
here guy, you don't get any change, you know.
Oh, gee.
Well that's funny,
I, we just went to an Italian restaurant this,
um, just wonderful
and they, I mean
it's like being in
I mean I've never been to Italy, okay,
but it's just this big beautiful Italian restaurant.
Very, um, low key in terms of the people are from California, you know,
so they have their own adaptation of what Italian is. I mean,
but it's, it was a wonderful, wonderful experience.
You know they have, uh, women there going to S M U, going to, uh, Southern Methodist University and, and graduating in opera or something like that
and they are all singing arias to you and,  and just  walking around the restaurant singing
Oh, wow.
and they make the food right there so it's display cooking
and, and, uh, then they have wine casks all over the place so you're lined up waiting in line to this place
and you just take a drink of wine
and, you know, they don't count that really,
they just,
