Well I usually keep up with news by watching A B C news on television and reading the papers here the local DALLAS MORNING NEWS
and then I also take the WALL STREET JOURNAL.
Do you get a chance to do it at home
or do you mostly like catch up while you're at work?
Do you have a chance to look through the WALL STREET JOURNAL?
I'm not sure what you do.
Yeah,
well I, well I,
at the office I generally catch the WALL STREET JOURNAL at lunchtime.
Um.
I  use part of my lunch period to, uh, read the WALL STREET JOURNAL.
Well
Then, uh,  I read the, the newspaper at home generally in the evening.
I'd rather sleep the extra thirty minutes in the morning.
I understand that.
Well and you have a little bit better newspaper.
The DALLAS MORNING NEWS is a good paper.
Lubbock is kind of small
and the A J uh, kind of dominant.
There's no competition, so what you get is what you get.
We used to take the paper every day
and I finally quit taking it because it stacked up.
I never got around to reading it
and so I try to take, you know, weekend papers,
Yeah.
and  then during the week, I catch up, you know, on the radio on the way to work or if I'm traveling around at lunch or on the way home
and hopefully I'm sitting down by the ten o'clock news to where I can kind of get a recap on T V, uh.
Yeah,
that's, uh, what we do to,
it, we're never in home in time to really watch the six o'clock news on television,
No
so we  catch the ten o'clock news,
Yeah
But I catch  the news on the radio coming to and from work,
but radio news is, is rather short. Uh,
It is.
most of  the news stations, most of the stations here that are not all news stations you get about five minutes on the hour.
Uh-huh.
And if you catch the news stations, uh, you don't catch that much in the car.
Oh, I see.
Yeah
but, uh,
uh, it's frustrating to me because I really wish that I did have more I don't know, uh, what do I want to say? I wish that I was around more news.
It's frustrating when I don't know what's going on.
I feel like it's hit and miss
and I haven't found anything yet that keeps me there on a constant basis.
Somebody will say, oh did you hear about this that happened last week
and it might be local
and it might be national
and I'm like, no, I missed that one
Yeah,
I have the same situation.
I tried the news magazines like TIME, NEWSWEEK, U S NEWS and WORLD REPORT,
Yeah.
and  they'd just stack up.
I wouldn't find time to read them.
You have to have time to sit down and concentrate on, on the stories
or  all  of a sudden you look and there's three, uh, three weeks worth laying on the coffee table
Uh-huh.
and you wind up throwing them out without reading them.
Yeah,
that's true.
Because it's too much trouble to try and catch up,
so have to depend,
That's true,
I guess we're becoming more of a television oriented nation in that I don't think that, uh, my children even read newspapers, other than the T V guide section.
Uh, oh no
There's is all, uh, strictly television news.
A little bit that worries me, because I feel like the news is so biased.
Oh, yeah.
And yes,
they report facts,
and yes
you can get an idea of what's going on,
but, you know, it's, an,
and I wish they would just report the incident and then leave the commentaries out.
But so many times you get, well, uh, this is my opinion of what he meant by that,
Yeah.
and  I'm like, who are you to judge. You know,
Right,
it's the same  thing with, the news magazines, like TIME and, and the other magazines.
just report the facts.
Uh-huh.
It's hard to uh, to celebrate, to separate the news from the comment, because,  in the  way it's presented their opinions is print, or presented as being the news.
Yes.
Uh-huh.
And so then you have to try and sort out what really is the news.
And I feel like they sensationalize things that shouldn't be sensationalized.
I feel like they focus too much on things that, I don't know, you know,
so much during the Gulf War, they would ask questions that, uh, you wouldn't want broadcast.
It's like if you tell us the answer to that you're telling our enemy what your strategy is.
That's right.
But they  keep asking these questions
and I thought it was really, well I don't know, asinine actually.
Right.
Stupid.
Well so many of them also come through
and they have discovered that this is the most popular issue of the time. Whether it be the homeless or, uh, cancer or whatever
and then they devote, uh, an inordinate amount of time on the news cast to their personal ax to grind.
Uh-huh,
yes.
And, uh, uh,  particularly the local television. Uh, I know the, the Wednesday's Child bit
I agree.
and they'll take up ten minutes of a newscast and leave out something.
I'm not saying that's not important,
Yeah.
but  they leave out a real news issue to devote to one of their local pet projects.
Yeah,
that's true,
that's true,
and it's frustrating.
Yeah,
So I guess, I guess when I get to listen to the news, it's, it's probably television or radio.
I see very little paper
but, I, I don't get to see that as much as I want
and when I do I'm wondering why I wanted to see it so bad
That's, yeah, that makes sense.
We, uh, again,
like I say, by the time I read the newspaper it's the, the it's that morning's news from the day before
and I'm reading it in the evening,
so.
Yeah.
I'm a, I'm about a day behind most of the time anyway
Exactly,
exactly.
Yeah.
Well I'm glad
it makes me feel like I'm not alone, though, in the world.
I, I used to think that I was probably the only one that just, I don't know, was running around so much.
I look at other, uh, women workers or, men at work,  that  have kids and families
Yeah.
and I'm like, how do they seem so together all the time.
I always feel like I'm running a rat race.
Yeah,
we, we,
So, I guess  news is just part of that rat race for me.
Yeah,
yeah
my wife and I feel that we never have a moment that we can call our own.
Yeah.
It's  always, there's something going on all the time, uh,
you don't really have time to sit down and, and thoroughly read a newspaper.
Exactly.
As a matter of fact I read the Sunday paper this evening.
Well.
We  had such a busy day yesterday.
Didn't find time to even read it.
Yeah,
that's incredible too.
Yeah,
well that's about all then.
Well I appreciate talking to you.
Nice talking with you.
Have a good evening.
Same to you.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
