Do you have any personal feelings on, on uh, the subject?
Well, uh, capital punishment is a hard thing,
but, uh, there's been several,
there have been several things that have happened where I felt like if I had been involved in it I would have had to, to go along with, with that being the punishment given to, to the people.
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
There have been some things, you know,
there's things done that are just
So outrageous.
I know,
I know.
Yeah,
that I do not know how,
I do not really there's any other way to deal with it.
Right.
Well I, I guess my concern is what we are reading, especially in Texas right now with them letting out the people out of jail as soon as they are out of prison when they do and having them go right back the day they get out, back in crime. And  especially when they are assaulting,  people and then killing people, I mean, the man who, killed those three sheriffs deputies, he is out free, walking the street.
Yeah.
I think that that, that,  that's a really,
I have a real problem,  with that.
Yeah,
if it's a,  if it's a clear and present danger, I mean it,
I think so.
But, it's something that's really hard to deal with, the way that our justice system is right now, is basically set up in lawyers
and, and anybody, will tell you that, uh, it is set up right now, all the laws protect the criminal.
Right.
Right.
They are the ones with the rights.
They have the right to, uh, you know,
I think I watched something last week, uh, , I am sorry, the accused has the right to a speedy trial.
But, the victim does not have the right, does not have the same does not have the same, the same emphasis on those things, as far as they are concerned,
so, now the accused can, can ask for delays and extensions
and, what do they call,
Right.
Right.
whatever they call them, you know.
And meanwhile, the witnesses, move and die
and and they,
Uh-huh,
uh-huh,
exactly.
Continuance,
and there's no one to face them.
They can get continuances on for years, before the thing ever comes to trial
and that makes the victim suffer, more.
Right.
Right.
Well, they can not get any, if the judge is going to have any award to the victim, it just puts off their collecting it. *probably should be cannot
The ,
Yeah,
that too.
It's, it's really bad,
Um,
it,
I,
I think that, uh, you know, that there needs to be a way that, you know, once someone has gone through, you know, a trial, I do not know how to fix it.
I mean, it just seems like there, there should be a limit on how many appeals can be made.
Uh-huh,
uh-huh,
uh-huh.
You know, when someone has been,
A time limit too.
Yeah,
when someone
Well, even when someone has been convicted
and, I mean, it's just so, so abundantly clear that they did it.
Right.
But appealing, you know, and continuing to appeal, like four or five or six times.
To have convictions overturned
and then they have to be retried and all that.
It's such a waste of time and energy and money.
And it, it just,
that's what keeps,
that's what is keeping all the, the, you know, the criminals in a position of being able to be released all the time, like this.
Right.
Do you feel like there's any certain type of crime that this should be the results, they should be consequences of capital punishment,
or, or, are there some murders committed that you think leniency should be shown.
Oh.
Well, I guess there's extenuating circumstances to anything like that. Uh, you know,
like I, I could see, uh, a first time offender being, you know, maybe, in a, in a robbery situation, trying to hold up a store and getting scared and, you know, firing a gun and accidently killing someone.
Uh-huh.
Okay, I could see that that might be the situation where, uh, the person could be rehabilitated.
But, I think just out and out murder, and I am talking about, uh, cutting people up you know, where there's shown to be pathological tendencies where this person has done it over and over again, in a serial fashion or whatever That those, kinds of things and any, any kind of violent assault, rape included, needs to addressed in, in, in that context
Okay.
Right.
Uh-huh.
And how do you feel about murders of law officers or fire people or something that are,  because they have had them, they have had them killed when they have,
Well, what bothers me,
that bothers me a great deal,
I had a friend who was a police officer, who was killed in the line of duty.
Um, um, um.
And the thing that was the worst about it is that these, that, uh, two of these individuals were, well all of the individuals involved were very young.
One was technically a minor,
and they had told their teachers that I mean,
repeatedly during high school, they had told their teachers that they were going to be, that they were going to graduate from high school and kill cops
That was what they had told their, teachers,
Oh.
and so that's what they did
And, uh, they were, they were given,  I think,
That would  be premeditated
Oh, absolutely.
He stopped them for routine traffic violation
and they uh,
several, several things happened that night
but they, they beat him up and took his gun and shot him with it.
Uh, uh, uh.
And it was, it was really terrible.
I mean, uh, I had seen him like three or days before that.
Uh-huh.
He,
we had gone out, uh, with he and his wife
and that was really, really disturbing you know, that that happened.
Uh-huh.
And these people, you know, in the, in the course of the trial, you know, came up with, with all these, you know, things about well, you know, they were disadvantaged and all this stuff.
Well, nobody is that disadvantaged
No.
Well, that's  right,
there's no reason,  for murder.
And there's just no I mean,
No.
I do not care if you are poor or if you are rich or if you are, ugly or what there, that, that's just beyond, the,
Yeah,
I think so too.
And that's, uh,
so, I,  I do feel strongly about.
and the, all these kids, they have got an excuse for everything.
Yeah.
And I can see it continuing on when they are adults.
I just,
Yeah.
It's, it's, uh,
I, I sometimes think if I were on a jury and had to make the decision could I.
And I like to think I could, like you,
if, if especially violent crime, where serial type killer or maybe a child has been deliberately killed.
Uh-huh.
The thing that even though juries sometimes make the decision
and still the people, nothing ever happens to them.
Right.
You know, they stay in jail, they get off time for good behavior and all that stuff, and they get released
Uh-huh.
And they go right back and do it again.
