seems to be a, a topic that's going to probably take about a generation to, uh, catch on, it seems, or maybe a generation to two
And we may have to do it out of necessity as far as moving that time schedule up.
Uh, it does seem to be a lot of habits to break.
I, uh, wasn't raised as a kid on it,
but my kids are
and so they, they tended to want to grab the aluminum cans when that was one of the first things to do,
and we were doing all right there until, uh, the price dropped out
and they weren't worth anything anymore.
Uh-huh.
And we
it took us, almost a year to get a garbage sack full.
We just don't drink that many.
So as far as at home use, uh, we'll pick up a six pack every once in a while or for whatever occasion of Doctor Pepper or something
and, and by the time we gathered up enough crushed cans to take it in, uh,
at the time it was still, oh, about forty or fifty cents a pound,
and we came out with about a dollar
it just really wasn't worth it.
And a lot of hassle all year round
and cans laying,
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, they, they realized, you know,
well, of course to them a dollar was a dollar at four and five years old.
That wasn't, uh, that was a big deal,
but we decided it wasn't worth us keeping it
and then, uh, T I started keeping up with, uh, cans there,
so occasionally I'll bring whatever I've got laying around the car or the like and throw them in there.
Least it gets back into the system,
but, as far as a habit at the house, uh, I haven't started on anything other than just whatever the city wants to pick up.
Have you all got the individual containers yet?
No,
I read in the paper this week where maybe,
I don't know if it was,
I guess maybe this week someone may start getting them if the truck that picks them up is outfitted in time.
Um.
But, it, it should be starting, I would stay probably in the next month if, if everything goes that
I'm not sure all what we're going to have to do, whether we have three separate containers,
I really don't understand that part on what they've told you to separate everything.
Right.
Yeah,
it seemed like, uh,
if, if I recall, it's been a long time.
They're way behind schedule on that particular part of it.
They were fine on the green, big green containers
Uh-huh.
but, uh, seems like they said they were just going to have a bin
and all different types would go in there
and then that they would sort it as as needed.
Oh.
It, it seemed that there was,
at the time anyway, it, the thinking was that there was too much not getting sorted properly and that at, at the collection sites where everything's clearly labeled and people that happen to go to that kind of trouble to do it, happen to do it pretty well, uh, those are okay to have the general public doing the sorting.
But when it comes down to just general purpose trash, that all the houses, uh,
the success rate of getting it sorted properly seemed to be poor,
so they felt that having one guy just sit there and run through it real quick was better than, than having a household try it.
Uh-huh.
But I, I don't know,
that sounds like an awful lot of labor to sort the entire week's worth of trash for a house.
Well, it would get messy, too.
Yeah,
yeah,
I, I, I know other places when they recycle, they have to, like, wash out their glass jars and whatnot. And, uh, which we're not in the habit of doing.
Right.
That's true.
I was brought up, uh, you know, long time ago, that they didn't even have cans.
They had bottles
and you'd return them to the the grocery store
Right.
and you'd get our money back
and that, that was all well and good.
They don't seem to still be doing that.
If they could just eliminate the cans and use glass,
but, I guess this day and age they don't.
Yeah.
They don't do that.
We live next to a set of railroad tracks
and it seemed to be a very popular thing for people driving by that highway there, by our tracks to throw the bottles at the tracks and try to crash, you know break them,
Uh-huh.
but, uh, they weren't that successful,
so there were a lot of bottles to be returned
and we just walk about a half a mile in each direction and gathered up enough to buy whatever we wanted for the day
Uh-huh.
and,
Yeah,
and they, uh,
I, I think kids don't appreciate, maybe the value of money, that it's so little that they don't care,
they can get more somewhere else.
Yeah,
just a little bit of begging will
Uh, for a good,
right.
They're,
the nickels, the dimes or what, I suppose it might be quarters, fifty cent pieces in these days, that they would get, they, the kids just don't seem to, to care that, that much about a small amount of money.
Right.
Well, I wonder,
But, we, we did buy a can crusher
and we are crushing cans
and when we buy the soda when it's on sale for ninety-nine cents,
so I would say in the last three years, we've probably used a lot more cans than ever before.
Yeah.
Uh, it was just easier to do that than to open a large liter bottle and then have it go flat.
Right,
yeah.
So that's the main reason we're, we, sort of are into cans at this point rather than the liter bottles
Where do you take your cans?
Well, as you say, it takes a while to build it up.
Since we've had the crusher all summer, we I guess we just now maybe have a bag full that we haven't oh,
I think the kids, when we were on vacation, they said they did take them to a, a recycling place, probably at one of the
