Okay.
Uh, well, since I initiated the call, I guess I'll start off first.
Uh, number one, I have absolutely no problem with random testing. Uh,
I spend an awful lot of time traveling on the job
and I feel, I would be very comfortable if they would do drug testing for, particularly airline pilots and the such.
I'd feel much more comfortable than I do now, based on what I've been hearing in the newspapers.
So I really don't have a problem with it.
Yeah. Uh,
I don't either.
I, uh, I've never,
I don't work, at home right now.
I stay home with my children.
Uh, but my husband works
and they do have that at his place of employment
and neither of us have a problem with it.
We've, particularly, like you said with the things that the airlines and, and such.
It's, uh, it's a scary thing to know that, uh, you just don't know what people are doing uh, before they go to work.
Uh-huh.
So, and the, the advertisements on television lately have been so, uh,
there have been so many. You know,
there's, uh
Yeah.
just about
like train train wrecks and things like that, that
I feel like,
probably just for our own safety when we're traveling and things that would be something I'd like to know that's going on.
Yeah,
I, well, I happen to be, uh,
my job is I'm supervisor of personnel safety for the world's largest paint company,
so I,
it's very near and dear to me when we start talking about drug testing for random sampling and testing for cause, this type of thing.
And even in our field we have people that are in very high risk jobs
and we, at the present time, do not have random testing.
Um.
And I am pushing towards that.
I, I honestly feel if people have nothing to hide, they shouldn't have a problem with it.
Right.
And if they are trying to hide something, then I have to know that, because we're we're talking major liabilities.
Not only with themselves, but with other employees.
Uh-huh.
And I really, you know,
they, they're talking about sports and sports personalities and all this stuff that I, I would much, much prefer having doctors and airline pilots tested on a random basis.
Yeah.
I, I have a real fear,
but that at some point something's going to happen.
And they're showing it with AIDS,
so why, you know,
they they ought to start doing something with the drugs
So I really have no problem with it.
Yeah.
Well, it's, it's unfortunate, I think, that everyone doesn't have that opinion.
Uh, some people just, uh, I've heard some people just talking in our group of friends that they just feel it's an invasion of privacy and things like that,
but, uh, in the long run, it seems to me, it's kind of like what they keep talking about the, uh, the AIDS testing with doctors or dentists and things and how that, you know,
Uh-huh.
they feel that's not fair and whatever,
but, you know, those kind of things I'd like to know myself.
Yes.
It wouldn't be,
in my opinion,
I, I've had a lot of dental work done,
and the last dentist didn't even use gloves at all,
so
Oh, really?
that kind of,
yeah.
And, uh, so that kind of thing really kind of concerns me.
Well, that scares me because if that's the way they are,
I,
if I were a dentist, I'd want to be protected, too.
Well, you would think so.
Uh-huh.
That is, because, well,
and I worked for a dentist
and that's, uh, you know,
you, you come in contact with a lot of, of blood and things like that
and it's real, real dangerous.
Uh-huh.
I, I would think,
but, with all the accidents, just with, with, uh, everything happening with,
just
airlines just drive me crazy.
People are afraid to fly now. You know, just because of, they don't know what their pilot's been doing and, and things like that
Right.
and,
Uh-huh.
I don't know.
Well, you, where you're located, I, I do know Texas Instruments has random drug testing.
Uh-huh.
And I think they've had it for several years.
And their program they had, I don't think had a lot of, uh, problems associated with it,
but, uh, my brother-in-law happens to work there
and it, it sounded very positive.
And I, I think it's great.
I, I would like, I would encourage it.
I'm pushing our company towards that. .
Well, and, you know, if they do find someone who, who is, uh, having a problem with drugs
and they can get them the help that they need. As opposed to just letting the problem go on with, without any, uh, support. And whatever,
Right.
Exactly.
because a lot of people, seems like, would probably obviously are trying to hide that uh, from their employer and friends and family and things
Uh-huh.
and too many people are just dying. Particularly in our area.
Right.
I don't know what the crime is like where you are,
but the crime rate here is just astronomical.
Ours is changing.
Yeah,
ours, ours is changing,
it's increasing.
I live in a I live in a very nice suburb
and it's, it's, it's unbelievable what, what, what's going on and the drugs, the selling of drugs.
It's just, it's just too loose.
It's too free.
Uh-huh.
I just got a piece of paper the other day, uh, that now they have these,
I have two little, very little children, under two
Uh-huh.
and I got a piece of paper from, from my husband's office,
it's talking about these, uh, drug tattoos now that they have got.
Really?
That look like, it looks like a sticker
and it's for kid,
