Hello.
Hi, uh,
basically, I wear pants.
I'm a real pants person
and, uh, like when I'm at home since,
and I'll say, I'm a homemaker since that's my basic thing, uh,
I wear a pantsuit most of the time.
Not a pantsuit,
I guess pants and a shirt
and, uh, in the summertime I wear cotton tops.
Cotton top shirts
and in the winter I wear, uh, like sweaters.
I like sweaters a lot.
And so I do that.
But when I go out for meetings uh, then I will wear either, uh, skirts or, uh, a dress
and I have a couple of pantsuits because those are real in at this time,
but, that's basically what I do.
Well, I think our tastes are fairly similar,
although I am I government worker, I do tend to,
I'm, uh, a scientist.
Oh.
So that technically,
I suppose, I could get away with, with extremely casual clothes,
but, for the most port, part I don't.
I wear fairly respectable looking shoes
and and a pantsuit of one sort or another
Right.
and, uh, I guess dress it up with a, with a, a very nice black jacket when I have, have visitors or have to give talks.
Well, that sounds nice.
Right.
Uh, it said the seasons,
do, do you change much through the season
or,
No,
actually I guess this summer I, I wore some fairly nice jeans uh, more than I have in previous seasons.
Uh-huh.
But, uh, no,
I tend to, to use the same things because actually our offices are very cold in summer.
I don't know whether they think by, you know, freezing them up overnight, then they can save electricity during the day or something.
Maybe.
But but, you know, you wear a heavy sweater in your office, all summer.
No.
So, right,
uh, yeah,
I don't, I don't, I, you know, I'm not a clothes horse in the sense that some of my friends.
Uh-huh.
And I guess although in, as I recall the stereotype of, of secretaries was, you know, overdress, over kill, sort of
Yeah.
and in a in a sense, the people I know who spend the most on clothes are secretaries.
Yeah.
Although the fact that most of the ones I know are in the government and they're not meeting the public it, I find it a little bit strange that their priorities would, would be to spend this money here
Right.
You know,
Uh-huh.
I mean, I suppose if you were a, a, more a receptionist and meeting the public and it was the image of your company at stake perhaps you would have to dress up.
Then
Uh, well, I don't have the resources to just go out and buy, buy, buy anyway
and so my don't change dramatically over the years.
If I need something new, I will go and buy it.
But, basically I'm a, a pretty much the same
in the summertime I wear the light cotton
and in the wintertime I change to the sweaters.
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
And, so, it's not a whole lot of, of change for me either.
And, uh, especially when I go to the meetings and wear the dresses
I, I, I enjoy that,
but it just wouldn't be, uh, smart for me to do that in my home with my children.
Uh-huh.
So, I have to, uh, think about things like that, too.
I have given seminars before in, in creative writing and things like that.
Now, I don't know if they consider that a job.
I don't really get paid for that, uh, often,
but, uh, when I do that then I, I think I become more businesslike.
Uh, but it doesn't really change my clothing style.
Exactly.
I mean, you can look businesslike in, in a the same pant suit you would, you know wear for other things.
Yeah.
Yeah,
I'm, I'm really glad about that pant suits are popular because I'm allergic to many of the synthetics.
Oh.
And so I used to have a problem when, when I was working in a restaurant while I was in college and had to dress up, and nylons and things like that would just give me a terrible rash.
Uh-huh.
Oh, dear.
That's not helpful.
right.
But otherwise, now, I'm, I guess we're both pretty practical
Yeah,
I guess so
Well, it's been great talking to you.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Well, have a good day.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
