Okay,
how's the weather been in Plano?
Basically about the same as what you've probably had.
Yeah,
this is probably unusual topic to give two of us in the same city.
Uh-huh.
Well, I don't know about you,
but I was really enjoying the cool snap last couple of weeks,
and I'm ready for it to come back.
Oh, you like the rain, do you?
Well, not the rain so much as the cool, the other mornings when it was like sixty-five when we woke up and sixty-six,
and today I know when I got up that the temperature said more like, close, seventy-nine or eighty
Uh-huh.
so I'm kind of ready for the pumpkin weather.
Oh, are you?
I don't care for that as much.
You don't
No.
are you a summer person?
I'm a summer person
Are you?
I like the heat.
Well, I have a friend who's the same way,
and anything below sixty, she's just not happy
but I, I think what I would miss is the change of seasons and all because I know in Plano we really don't have as many seasons as, uh,
my husband's from Nebraska,
and they have more of the four seasons.
Yeah,
and I'm from Utah,
so, I, I like, the four seasons
Oh, you're used to that, too.
I just don't like the cold.
You don't like the cold.
Well, I usually like it about sweater weather,
and the problem here in Plano is it doesn't last very long.
Uh-huh.
It goes from hot,
and then you get a couple of weeks of that Indian Summer,
and then it's cold
Yeah.
and I wish it were several months of that.
The thing, the other thing is the, I don't like the rain either.
Well, I don't either unless it's like, uh,
some of my favorite's like a Friday night when it rains
and you really didn't have anywhere to go,
and it's sleeping time.
But if you have to get up and get out in it, I don't like it either
Well, we have several children that are in sports,
and so it always makes their games be postponed forever and ever and ever on, on, and on.
Oh, yeah.
Well, sure it does.
That kind of schedule, you really need a lot more sunshine.
I like it better, I think.
And also the evenings are going to be getting, uh, darker sooner as it gets cooler.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
But I did a walk last night,
and it seemed like it was a little bit hot still.
Sometimes when you work up a sweat you need it to be a little bit cooler.
The thing about when it gets hot here is, I don't like the humidity,
that part I don't care about.
Well, I agree, absolutely,
and you know, it's all relative,
because I was from West Texas,
and it was very dry,
and so I thought Dallas was awful,
and I still think so,
but then this summer we went to Orlando for a week,
and it was so humid there that your, um, all your windows were were wet every morning.
They had to get the squeejies and clean them off.
Oh, really.
And when we got back to Dallas it seemed really dry because it's kind of like what you're used to.
But I agree with you,
the humidity, especially for curly heads like me.
Oh, is that right?
Yes.
I do not like the
Well another reason,
well, I guess I can't say that it, I don't like the rain completely.
We have a little garden that we have
and and so it really helps our garden,
Uh-huh.
and, you know, even, I don't know if that's because plants are just that way
and they like rain,
or, it seems they thrive when it rains,
they just, really,
Yeah,
I think so too.
I know our grass needs mowing twice as often when it rains
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
but it seems like here,
I would like it to rain and then be over, and then not rain for a while.
It seems like when it gets stuck in a rain pattern, that's all it does.
Yeah,
yeah.
So, uh, but I, I am ready for a little bit of the cooler weather and not so much in the nineties but something like,
Well,
I guess my, my best would be probably sixty-eight when you wake up or sixty-six, and then probably seventy-five during the day.
Well I like seventies I like seventies okay.
Yeah.
Yeah,
are you, do you like the heat in the summer then when it gets up in the nineties and hundreds.
Oh, I don't like nineties.
Yeah,
yeah.
You can give me seventies
Yeah.
and you can give me eighties
Yeah,
keep it there
and I'm okay.
But when it gets too hot, then it's, that, I don't like that
Yeah.
I stay in the house because it's just, It's just too hot.
Well, I do, too,
I do, too
and that was one thing about the year around school that originally we had been sort of negative on it.
But then we started thinking, especially in Plano, the weather is so hot in August, that there really isn't a lot the children can do outside anyhow.
Yeah,
yeah.
Static here.
That's okay
Um, I've, I've thought about that, too,
and, um, when we take our vacations, we, we do take them in August sometimes so that we can be away from here
Yeah.
We do too.
I think a lot of people agree the same.
It just really gets way,
when it gets way too hot
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
and we've been here for several years,
and we've been here years when it's been hundreds
and,
Uh-huh,
now there have been worse summers.
In fact this morning when they were talking about, uh, Harold Taft, they were talking about how this has been one of the milder of the summers and milder fall,
Years,
uh-huh.
everybody seems to be,
you can tell some of the newscasters when they like the heat, because they'll talk about it being so gorgeous on those days when we're melting,
and you can tell when they talk about beautiful weather some mornings when we're, it'll be too cold,
and they'll say,
well those are the ones that like the cold weather.
Yeah,
yeah.
He, he always did such a good job, I thought.
Oh, yeah,
he did,
he did.
It was it was really a shame.
A good weather man,
He didn't go with all the gimmicks that some of them did.
Yeah.
Anyway, um, I guess it's,
It's kind of hard to keep on about the weather for five minutes
That's okay,
they say when you're done you're done,
Oh, is that right?
Okay.
you don't have to wait for them to say cut off your time.
Oh, good.
You just say, Have a good day or whatever.
Well good,
well, then have a good day.
You too.
And I hope you enjoy the weather this week.
You too.
