Okay,
my name is Karen.
Okay,
my name is Terry.
Okay,
and this, uh,
they said about magazines.
We, I've probably personally take I think just two
Okay.
but that's because my mother-in-law takes every one they print and gives them to me, a month later
so. So I get all of them.
Uh, the one that I really especially enjoy,
and you may be familiar with it from Wisconsin, is called COUNTRY.
Oh, yes, uh,
there's COUNTRY LIVING,
there's COUNTRY,
and, uh,
Well, this,
yeah,
this one is the one they have all the pictures of scenery from places we wished we live, like Wisconsin
Oh, yeah.
Gorgeous leaves and trees and all the lakes and the mountains and things.
Sure.
And I get that, it has recipes in it,
and that's my very favorite.
Oh, that's great.
What do you take?
Well, I actually take COUNTRY LIVING,
it's a country magazine on HOUSE BEAUTIFUL, because I like, um that kind of stuff.
Uh-huh.
Yeah,
decorating.
Decorating and, uh, getting ideas for a garden.
Uh-huh.
In fact, uh, right before you called, I was planning my tulips and, uh, putting them on blue print on where I'm going to put them,
Are you?
so I'm really into that,
Oh.
but, uh, so, I really get into magazines that are kind of basically into, um, housing type things, where the, be decorating and gardening and recipes, that kind of stuff.
And decorating and how to do things.
Uh-huh.
So I'm pretty much in the same category as what you're looking at.
Yeah.
Well, we, we tried for a while to take a news magazine.
We took NEWSWEEK
Uh-huh.
and I think we took it especially just during the war to kind of catch up on everything and have it be digested.
Sure.
But we've kind of discontinued that right now
Yeah.
and we've, we're going to start taking that, uh, U S NEWS, uh, newspaper. U S A TODAY,
I think it.
Yeah,
yeah,
I've had TIME before.
Yeah.
I think with that what happens is, uh, it's interesting to read
Uh-huh.
but you kind of just put the magazine away
and you never read it again unless there's some big article in there that you're going to keep for your kids,
That's right.
but,
That's exactly right.
I did the same thing.
We saved the ones from the election
and we saved the ones from the war and one from the earthquake.
Yeah,
exactly it sounds exactly like what we did
And then
and,
we just saved everything we could for our daughter
Uh-huh.
but, uh that's pretty similar,
Uh-huh.
but I find that with these COUNTRY magazines, I keep going back to them, getting ideas, looking back and saying, Jeez, there was a flower garden in there that I , that I would like to have some ideas, you know
Well, you sound like you, That's the thing, you sound like you have the facilities to do that.
I get a lot of ideas from them.
Yes,
we do.
We're out in the country
Oh.
we're right across from a river,
and uh, you're right, the leaves are beautiful,
and they are falling now,
so.
Oh.
Uh, it just peaked, uh, last week,
and it was just gorgeous out here,
but.
I bet it is gorgeous.
Yeah,
it's beautiful.
The other thing about magazines, the only thing I don't like, is they really get heavily into advertising
I agree,
and, you know, it's, it's, it's fine,
I'd rather almost have
Uh-huh.
I know that part, probably half their money comes from these people that are saying, uh, Put my ad in your paper and I'll pay you or whatever,
Yeah,
right.
but, uh, there's been some magazines I've looked at,
and it's a real turn off to see every other page,  some kind of ad,
Every page.
I  do the same thing,
I, I think I opened VOGUE the other day or something
Yeah,
VOGUE is,  heavily into that.
and it was just nothing, uh-huh.
And I thought, Why buy this?
Yeah,
exactly,
it's almost
You know, what's the point?
I mean, you could go into a store and get bombarded the same way,
That's right.
And my number one pet peeve in a magazine, is when they put the perfume in it because, uh, real often, I don't like very heavy perfumes
Yeah,
exactly.
and very often, like, you know, in my bills, also, magazines and bills, and they'll, come out just stinking the whole thing.
Exactly,
yeah,
they're really getting into that
so,
Uh-huh.
But pretty much like I said, the magazines I've had, BETTER HOMES AND GARDEN,
and now I need a switch,
and I'm going back to GOURMET COOKING, because, um, I've had the magazine before, back in nineteen, uh, eighty-six,
Oh.
and I thought, Well, I'll give it a try again, because you get tired of one magazine,
and you need to try a change.
I understand.
Well, do you , do you tear out of your magazines, your recipes
or do you keep it?
Uh, yes,
I do,
and sometimes, most of the time I tear them out.
Uh-huh.
A lot of times, if, uh, you know, if I got a chance to sit down at my typewriter, I'll go ahead and type out recipes,
but what I usually do is I'll try it out in the magazine first, and, without tearing it out, and then give it a,
Type it out, uh-huh.
See how the family liked it
Yeah,
and then if we like it it becomes part of the recipe collection,
but, uh.
Oh, that's a good idea.
Well, I'm going to pay attention more when I'm in the store to that COUNTRY LIVING, I remember seeing the cover.
Yeah.
Back when I decorated the house with a lot of the little country, uh, primitive things, the little, the little pigs and the jeez, and the ducks, and that, we had, that was the big rage here, couple of years ago.
Uh-huh.
And I bought a lot of the country magazines
Sure,
sure.
and then it seems like when I put some of that away, I quit buying it,
but I had forgotten the recipes
Uh-huh.
and I'm going to,
I'll have to check that out,
Yeah,
it, it, that's what I, I just went through, uh
we just recently moved from Minnesota to Wisconsin.
Uh-huh.
I went through all this,
I had this huge stack of HOUSE BEAUTIFUL
I had COLONIAL TIMES,
I had GOURMET
And you don't want to part with any of them because there's one thing in each one
yeah.
It was hard,
but I ended up, uh, reducing them down to like fifteen magazines out of, uh hundreds.
Oh, that's good.
And I just said, Okay, there's one picture in there that,
it really doesn't, you know
Uh-huh.
it's got to have more than that
right.
it's got to have some good ideas
Right.
it's got to have everything.
So I just kind of went through,
and I find that most of the magazines I really like is around Christmas time because,
I, I know,
