Carolyn, I have a little Schnauzer, little miniature Schnauzer.
Oh.
What do you have?
Well, it's kind of a mixed breed that we got from the Humane Society
You know, those make the best animals, uh, best pets.
My, uh, son has a, uh, oh,
it's a real mixture,
it's part, uh, Doberman and part Husky
Oh, my.
Yes,
and they, gentlest dog you ever met,
and they got him from the, uh, Humane Society here in Oklahoma City
Oh,
and she's just turned out to be a jewel.
My, my little Schnauzer is, is my friend.
She is so spoiled.
She's a year and a half old now,
and being single, she's become very important in my life
Uh-huh.
it's so nice to have, come home and find something, or someone who's really so happy to see you.
Well, my children are the ones that wanted our pet,
and this one is probably the best one that we have had.
Um, as I say, we got it from the Humane Society,
and, uh, we had lost a pet,
and we really went there looking for the one that we had lost.
It got out under the fence while we were on vacation,
and we just looked all over for it and couldn't find it,
but, uh, when we walked in to the, to the Humane Society, this little dog was, uh, in the office and would sit up and beg,
and just, oh, he was so cute,
and the kids just fell in love with it.
We just couldn't leave without it.
But, it's, um, whoever had it before must have trained it real well, because it's just, you know, it's, uh, a good house dog.
I've never had one that I could keep in the house before and tolerate it
Sometimes I wish I had not gotten this one, it's a puppy, because I work
and I'm not home
Uh-huh.
and unfortunately she's not as well trained as, as I would like her to be
Uh-huh.
and I realize it's my fault,
I'm not doing a really great job as a disciplinarian,
but, uh,
It's hard to do that when you're not there constantly,
It is,
it is.
She's, you know, she's real good,
I can leave her all day in the bathroom with her toys and her food and everything,
Um.
and, and, not one mess does she make
Oh.
and then we go outside,
and she'll stay outside for, oh, thirty minutes to an hour, come inside and use the restroom.
Um.
I just want to kill her at those times.
Oh.
But she's a doll,
she's a love,
she really is.
About the only time we have,
well, I shouldn't say the only time,
but most of the time when we have problems with restroom is in the night,
and, uh, she usually stays inside at night.
We try to take her out right before we go to sleep,
but, uh, sometimes it doesn't work
You know, I, I, we always had a pet when I was growing up, oh always had a dog.
My mother did not like cats.
So we always had a dog,
and, and then, course, when my children were growing up, we always had a dog, and always said it was because the children wanted the pet
Uh-huh.
and I find that I'm enjoying this one far more than I ever did when it was the children's dog,
Oh.
I, uh, in fact my children gave me this, this little puppy for Christmas.
What a cute idea.
Yeah,
I think so
Well, we got one one year for Christmas,
and, uh, I had a baby the next day
Oh, my goodness.
and, uh, so that one wasn't really well trained
Two babies,
huh.
Oh.
Oh, I just didn't have time to take care of baby and train puppy at the same time,
so,
That, that is really probably bad timing.
Yeah,
I
it was,
it really was.
The older kids had wanted one, though,
and, you know, we thought, well that would be a fun time for them to have it, you know, get it at Christmas time.
It was a little Spitz, a little white fluffy and, you know, looked like it came right from the north pole,
Oh, yes,
and that was fun,
but, um, I, I sure wasn't good at training it
Do you
I think you have to have time, you know to do those things.
and patience
and you have to, you really have to be, just like your children,
when you set a rule you have to stand by it, and be consistent
That's right.
and ...
