Do you see anything wrong with public school systems?
Well, yes,
I do.
Um, I think I'm concerned about the large number of children that each teacher is expected to, to deal with in some quality way.
I think maybe we've given our teachers a almost impossible job.
I agree.
Do you?
Do you have children in the public school system?
Yes,
and I taught for fourteen years before we moved to Texas,
Is that right.
and the, the one thing I see is changing is I was held accountable so much
I had to document and create a paper chase for all of my students,
and instead of spending my time coming up with creative learning stations and things like that I was filling out all these forms for all the children
You were a bookkeeper
Oh.
everything had to be documented,
and I had file cabinets that weren't filled with neat stuff for kids,
it was filled with documentation
Oh, no.
yes.
Well, um, I'm, I have three years toward a teaching degree and am trying to get headed back,
and, and I'm just really in a dilemma if that's what, you know,
I love to work with children and to teach them,
Me, too.
but I'm really having questions if, if I can deal with that system and, and have a good conscience about, you know, what I do.
I don't think, I don't think it's the teachers,
I think it's the system
I think so too.
but, um.
They're so worried about lawsuits and the scores the children get on tests now and teacher competency, you know,
Right.
and it's not like the teacher can just get in there and do her best,
she's always worried who's looking over her shoulder
and,
What child's going to say something some parent's going to overreact to
That's right.
I know.
that's, that's true.
Well, it's, it's hard on the children too,
I think, you know, because the, um, the teachers are overworked
and just like a mommy that's overworked you're not at your best, you know, um.
That's right.
Do you have children in the system?
I have two,
I have, in the system
one is in ninth grade
and one is in seventh grade,
and them,
um, I'm home schooling my kindergartner this year.
Oh.
We, um, live in a district that has open classrooms,
and I wasn't particularly comfortable with that for her.
Yep.
Are you in Plano?
Yes.
Yep,
I am too.
You too.
And I have one in ninth grade at Clark
and one at Hendrick this year,
and he, my my, uh, sixth grader came from an open classroom at Matthews,
and the very first year I taught back in seventy-three, we had open classroom
and it didn't work then
Oh.
and when we moved down here, I was just appalled that they were still doing it here,
Still at it.
Well the explanation I was, was given about, you know,
they, they seemed to admit that it wasn't working,
but they didn't have the money to restructure,
but looks to me that it wouldn't take really that much money to at least come up with, I mean, some kind of partitions you know,
Partitions
or just to face the children different directions or to do something
Just,
yeah.
I know last year my son had to eat in the classroom because there was no cafeteria at his school
Oh, goodness.
so he spent all day in this one large open area,
Oh.
so, I didn't really care for that.
It seems like the schools in Michigan were much better than they are down here.
Were they?
That was our last tour, in Michigan.
Well, we were from North, um, Carolina,
and of course North, North Carolina has a terrible reputation as far as education.
I think they rank about forty-ninth
Oh.
but our children got a very good education there
Uh-huh.
they were in the magnet school program,
and a lot of their classes, from the time they were about third grade, they, they changed classes several times during the day, which has its pros and cons,
but a lot of their classes there were only eight or ten children in their classes
Oh, wow.
and it was wonderful
Yes.
so, you know, I'm coming to, to Plano thinking, Well, gosh, it's going to be really great,
it's ranked so much better
Yes,
that's right.
We heard wonderful things about it until we actually got in the system.
Isn't that interesting,
I, I, I don't understand how they get this, this reputation unless it's just that they spend a lot of money,
I don't know.
Probably so, on publicity and letting realtors know and key people how wonderful the schools are
I guess so.
so.
Well, my son is at Clark this year too,
so, uh, we're
As a freshman?
Yeah.
Yep.
And, uh, he's pleased with his classes.
I, I, I don't guess I've been in the high school long enough to, to know what to expect really you know, how to judge it.
Yeah.
My daughter seems to be having a good time,
she was absent with strep throat the last three days,
and I ran over and picked up her report card,
and she did very good,
so and she seems to be studying and has just about the right amount of home work I would expect for a freshman to have.
Well, that's good.
Yeah.
She's not bogged down,
but yet she has some every night.
Well, Eric seems to have quite a few nights where he doesn't have any,
so, that's interesting,
but, he, his grades, I haven't seen them yet,
but supposedly they're good,
so,
Yes,
you always hear how good.
Now my son's at, junior high and says that his grades are going to be wonderful
but, who knows what he's going to bring home.
That's right.
