Hi.
Hi.
I'm wondering what, what camping means to you.
When I think of camping I think of, of bugs and sleeping bags and, and tents, uh, like along the Appalachian Trail.
Oh, very good.
That's sort of the same thing that, that I do.
I don't think of, um, trailers and campers and all this stuff.
No.
Um, do you do much camping?
I have never been camping
Oh, you've never been camping.
Oh, gee.
No.
Do you do much?
Well, um, yes and no,
and, the, uh,
I haven't done much recently,
but, um, up until, gee, maybe five or six years ago, I did a lot of it
Really,
and, you know I've,
Where you live now,
Say?
or,
No, um,
I used to live abroad,
and so, I, I camped a lot in, um, the Middle East
Oh, okay.
and I was able to camp right in ruins, which was always very exciting and, a bit exotic for those who love bugs,
Oh, I bet.
but, um, and then when I used to come back to the states in summer we'd often go up, um, to the lake country in New York with my brother's family and, and do camping there.
Uh-huh.
Oh, okay.
Well, my uh, husband and, and his uncle especially, uh, grew up camping together,
and, uh, they, they just love it,
and they're planning a trip, uh, into Canada this, I guess in about a year,
and they're going to spend about a week and a half camping up there,
And you're not going?
No,
this is, this is a, a man's trip
Oh, that's too bad,
So they're really looking forward to that
Oh, gee.
so.
I guess it makes a difference.
I grew up camping, being in Girl Scouts and things like that,
so.
And see I was, I was never exposed to it
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
so,
I, I feel like I'm a little bit too, uh, much of a city, city mouse to try doing it
Oh, that's too bad.
I think you know, there's certainly a lot of aspects you would like,
but maybe not the, you know the Canada men's trip, but some other, you know,
a nice tent on the, the shore of a lake,
and,
What's the best part about it to, to you, the, the quiet, the getting away?
Right,
the, the, the no telephone, the,
gee whiz, you go to bed when it gets dark,
and you get up when it gets light
Wow.
Yeah,
and, um, I guess just, just the change, from the rat race.
Now, do you usually, like do you usually go and there's lots of other people around,
or is it pretty much isolated.
No,
it's, uh, it's pretty isolated, um,
and to me, I like that, I guess, too, although there are people,
I mean, you know, it's really hard to get away
Yeah.
and I guess when, when we did sites in, in the Middle East, of course it was with a group, in order to make it safe
Yes.
but, I mean, we'd go in different parts of the ruins, and, and things like that.
But we didn't even have tents there,
we just sort of put out the sleeping roll
Oh, good grief.
That, that does sound neat,
but I don't think I, I've got quite enough nerve to do that.
I know my husband's gone, uh, for several days on the Appalachian Trail before,
and he said that you can, a lot of times you can go for, you know, a good day before you'll see or meet anybody else on the trail.
Right.
So it's not for the faint of heart, I don't think.
Right.
Actually I just joined, um, the Appalachian Trail Walking Club, or whatever they call it,
what,
Oh.
I love to walk
Uh-huh.
and, um, I'm going to start with day trips, though, because I don't know the territory and all,
and I'm not sure,
my son is not eager to go
I think it would be,
yeah.
Well, that sounds really neat.
Oh, but, you know, I'm going to try
Well, gee whiz,
I hope you get into camping some day, just slowly.
we talk about sometimes going up to Chincoteague
Oh, yeah.
and, uh, I,
maybe, like you said, start out slow and, and kind of get used to it, and find out that it, maybe it's not as bad as I, I fear it might be
Right,
I think that, you know,
I guess one time recently we went up to Maine, and had planned to camp,
and you know, the only site left when we got there was in the middle of a field,
and I said, Gee whiz, for twenty dollars we can go down the road and get a, a motel which we did,
Yeah.
and, so that, you know,
if the setting was right and that, it's, it's great,
but if it's,
