Well I did hear the end of the prompt this time.
Was that you, that we didn't hear the whole prompt?
Yes,
Yes,
And it said that what, what do we, do we think that certain crimes should fit certain punishments,
and, uh, I was thinking about it after I got off the phone, that, that I really, you know, wish that there was some way to, uh, send a message to people, you know, about, um, child abuse and things like that
Uh-huh.
that, uh,
those kind of crimes deserve some kind of severe punishment.
Too often I feel that people get off, uh, without,
Yeah,
I, I agree with you, although I will say,
I'm not sure, you know,
I sometimes have a problem with some of the, especially more famous people who all of a sudden are crawling out of the woodwork to say that whatever problems they have, you know, was, was because they were abused abused as children.
And the parents are saying, Hey, wait a minute,
we didn't do anything like that you know,
Uh-huh.
and, and, and I guess before I'd like to see that severe of a punishment for it it has to be a, an absolute certainty you know, like, uh, caught at it, or something
Uh-huh.
Right,
right,
you know, or if they, they, uh, you know, severely beat up on a child, or, you know, I would have absolutely no problem at all you know, with, with,
Yeah,
I don't buy the routine, oh they're just sick,
or they were abused when they were little
Uh-huh.
well, you know, forget that.
Yeah,
well, sometimes they even wonder when, when, uh, criminals plead temporary insanity for, for for crimes that are so severe and then, you know, they get sent to a mental institution
Uh-huh.
and they play loony for a while,
and then they're back out in public.
Well, but I can't see that either.
I don't feel that that should be any excuse at all or any deterrent uh, you know reason to not use capital punishment.
Yeah.
Yeah,
oh, I agree,
I agree,
because we,
I think, uh, I think if I wanted to badly enough, I could convince somebody, uh, I was crazy
so, my family may say that on occasion,
who knows
Uh-huh.
Yeah,
yeah,
well, and too, you know, they can always be blaming the other person,
well, she looked like my mother who abused me when I was a child, or something, which I think is, unfortunate for that person and yet shouldn't be an excuse.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh,
I guess, you know, a lot of,
and I was just seeing in the newspaper or the grocery store that some Miss America was abused by the man she loved
and,
That's the new one.
Is that the new,
I just happened to see the headline on it,
and I didn't, couldn't realize if it was the husband or the father or what,
but I thought, uh, you know, if these things, if children are being abused, I, I'm wondering how our school system is failing, that they're not even seeing this, you know,
if it was that severe that when they're later in life adults, that it's all of a sudden affecting them in this way, that it wasn't shown up at all when they were younger,
and that kind of, that kind of worries me with my kids only being under two and not having, you know, to, to deal with that yet,
but still.
Well, you, you're right, uh,
and yet, I mean, did you ever in your life when you were little know anybody or hear anything of anything like this?
Never
No,
and I lived in California which I feel like California, you know,
anything can go on in California.
well, yes,
I, but I was from conservative Wisconsin
and, uh, you know, there was, there was, nothing on it,
which makes me wonder, you know, if it's as, uh, prevalent as, as some of them claim.
Yeah.
It, uh, it, it, it's,
you just don't know,
and it all,
unless they're caught in the act or the child is very badly, you know, beaten up, it comes down to a one word against the other that type thing.
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
Now, Texas, is capital punishment for,
it used to be just capital murder,
and now they added mass murder.
Are those the only two things that we, uh
I really would have no idea. I, um, I don't, don't really know.
uh, you know, because I have a feeling it is,
and I, I think there ought to be more things added to it.
Uh-huh
Uh,
that would be pretty lenient in my opinion.
Yeah,
I, I think that's, I, you know, uh,
killing a child, or kidnapping, uh,
and possibly not, well,
I guess kidnapping maybe if the person gets very badly hurt, you know,
if they release them two hours later, he probably doesn't deserve the death penalty,
Yeah,
that's, that,
or like when, uh, I've heard when I,
