Well, I've been real, um, thinking I'd love to buy a new car, right now, if I could afford it.
Oh
But we have two cars right now
and we're still paying on them,
but I would love to have one of these new mini vans.
I've got two little ones
and I think that would be just the perfect family car
I,
right now my car is terminally ill
Oh
so I am really looking at, uh, facing the purchase of a car.
And,
uh, what I would like to have is so totally impractical for me that, I won't do it.
But
What is it?
Uh, well, I would like for one time in my life to have a convertible.
Oh.
And, uh, you know, I don't even like the wind blowing in on me
so I don't know why I think I want one
but I do.
Uh, I will probably stay with a foreign make.
I've had real good luck with them.
Yeah.
We have, um, we have,
we went out to buy an American car
so we bought, um, a Chevy Nova about three years ago.
And, and we opened up the, the hood
and it said Toyota, made in Japan, right across the front of all the engine parts
Is that right?
Uh-huh.
Toyota, uh,
well, the Chevy Nova is the same car as the Toyota Camry.
Uh, at that time was the same car
so they just put different names on them depending on who they're being shipped to.
Oh,
I thought that was pretty
well, I didn't realize it.
I knew that one of the, that Nissan which is Toyota had, uh, joined with, had a plant over here.
but I, I never thought of,
Yeah.
I know, uh,
you think it's a Chevrolet in the good old U S A.
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
That's why we were so surprised to see Toyota written, I mean, imprinted on the engine.
It was real interesting.
Huh.
But, uh, I,
with so many options now available, you know, where, where cars are concerned, it just seems like there is, there's almost too much of a choice anymore.
You know, there's so many different options and so many different prices and who has this cash back and whatever.
I think that if I were really serious about looking for another car, I would take into consideration the price naturally.
But, um, you know, I would really want something that I would want for that much money. For ten or twelve or fifteen thousand dollars or whatever.
Well, yeah,
and that's minimum.
Oh,
definitely
It, you know it's, it's a major purchase, now.
What we used to pay for homes is now what a car, can cost.
I cannot imagine that, you know, somebody,
I heard a commercial or something about a sixty thousand dollar car about, oh, it would, how, exciting it is to make that kind of a purchase,
and I thought, I don't think I'd find that exciting
I'd be wondering, you know, here I am buying this expensive of a car and my house isn't worth that much money
If they held their value, that would be one thing.
That's true.
But when you consider that when you drive them off of the show lot, they're immediately two thousand dollars depreciated.
Yeah.
And, you know, that,
I don't know that, I'll go with,
I've bought a new car the last three that I've bought
and I don't know that I'll buy a brand new one again.
Yeah.
Well, we had a pretty,
we bought our Chevrolet brand new
and then we bought a used car
to Just a minute,
I'll change your diaper.
Then we bought our, our next car used
and, uh, we had better luck with our used car,
and I like it more.
It cost us less money
and we got more features and air-conditioning and whatever on it then we did on our brand new one for twice as much money.
Well, I'm, I'm seriously considering going that route instead of a brand new car.
If you can find one that's uh, you know, reliable
If you can get someone that you trust to buy one from
or, you know, make sure that you can have it checked out well enough
Uh, I wouldn't
and they don't drive them that much.
Uh-huh.
Sh ,
Six thousand is just getting broken in for them.
Yeah.
And if I can find one or a repossession.
That's,
we bought one like that.
And with the banks being in such financial, you know, problems now that people,
you can find the banks willing to sell you a car.
Uh-huh
We bought one car that way
and had,
we bought it real reasonably
and it was in real nice condition so, because apparently whatever the bank get ...
