Okay.
When they first said the subject, my mind went kind of blank.
I thought, Gee, I haven't taken anything back for a long time.
Well, I haven't either, uh,
I, I hate returning things.
Yeah.
I mean, I, I have a friend who, if she likes something, isn't sure what size somebody might need, will buy it in every color and size and, you know, take everything back again
Yeah.
It's, you know, it's a game to her,
but I, I do not like to do that
I consider it kind of a, a waste of my time.
And so I'm usually, uh, pretty careful when I shop
Uh-huh.
and I also, you know, usually have, have checked over things, you know, if it's like an appliance or something to make sure, uh, it has the features in it that I want.
Right.
Now we've had one lately, um, oh, a, uh, a Dustbuster Plus that we bought,
Uh-huh.
and we've had it for a while,
but all of a sudden it just wasn't working,
and it looks like there's a part missing from it.
My husband opened it up and whatever,
and of course we don't have the receipt any more,
so we can't take it back
Of course,
uh-huh.
Uh, but, I think a lot of goods are made not to last real long
Right
uh,
right,
just to get you by five years
and then you'll throw it away rather than have it fixed
Yeah.
We're, we're a wasteful society, for sure.
Well, that's true,
and lot of times though, it is, it costs so much to get something fixed that you almost are just as well off buying another one you know, if it's,
Right.
Right.
And you usually get what you pay for.
We bought some walkie-talkies a couple of years ago for Christmas,
and they were like ten dollars,
and we expected them to work nice for the little kids,
and they didn't work worth anything
Uh-huh.
So we took those back,
and that's about that
all that were taken back in ages.
Well, yeah,
I think a lot of times, if you get a brand name uh, you know, if it's a, a good brand,
Yeah.
I, you, I think there's, there can be a lemon in anything but, uh, I think more often than not,
Right.
you, you pretty well know what you're getting ahead of time,
and, uh you know, if you buy a good one, you shouldn't have any, you know, too much of a problem with it,
Right.
I mean, we, we had a car once that we tried to have declared a lemon under the lemon law which is extremely difficult to do.
Oh, really.
It's hard.
We never could get it declared a lemon,
and the car would go
and, without any warning whatsoever, you could be going down the freeway at sixty
and it would stop
Oh, wow.
and I,
there was just,
you know, and, oh, we went round and round with the manufacturer and, and everything,
and they got it finally semifixed,
but it was such a hassle
Uh-huh,
and it just pertained to that
yeah,
yeah
it, it really is, uh,
but, gee, this is, of all the topics I have had, I'm doing this thing, this is kind of the strangest one.
I, at first I thought of food, you know, because that's what, mainly what I buy,
it seems like,
and, uh, you know, I still don't have any, anything to do there,
but, But I, I think, too, a lot of people don't buy their warranties either because they know that when it's that old they're going to buy a new one,
Uh-huh.
so.
Well, I think that's true,
and I, uh, now we generally don't buy a warranty, because you think, you know, at least for the first couple of years, nothing should go wrong with it.
Yeah,
my husband is really good at fixing things, too,
so he usually, be able to fix anything that's minor,
and and that has saved us thousands of dollars, you know, from to mechanic to anything like that
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
but, but, it was interesting to,
I don't know if they're making them better or not,
I, it's hard to say.
Some, I think they more of their parts plastic, which, you know, makes things break easier,
but I think the technology is better.
I think technology is better,
I'm, I'm not sure.
I think you've got a good point with the plastic and that.
About quality.
I don't think necessarily that, things are being made better uh, you know,
Right.
I, I,
everything is so automated, uh,
and things can be made without, I think a human hand ever touching it, you know an awful lot of things,
Yeah,
Yeah.
and I think that certainly makes a difference from, back from the time when somebody handcrafted something and, you know, had some pride in it.
Right.
Well, people aren't willing to pay those prices very often, so, you know, for a handcrafted something,
so
Well, yeah,
that's that's true.
so.
So, if we get what we what we deserve
Yeah,
well, I, I do, uh, you know, craft work and sell stuff at shows
and that, and uh, uh, you know, it's, it's, it's a real eye-opener as far as, you know, why people charge what they do to, you know.
