Okay.
So what do you guys having up there?
I haven't been up there since, oh, Lord, forty-eight, I guess
Forty-eight.
That's a long time. Uh.
Well, no,
it wasn't forty-eight,
it was, it was, uh, let's see, yeah, it was forty-eight.
I was in the Air Force.
Uh-huh.
We did an air show out at, uh, out at, uh, Boone Greene, no out at, uh Andrews,
Andrews?
yeah.
So what's it been like up there?
Well, for the past week or two it's been cold and wet
Uh-huh.
but before that, for most of the year, it's been hot and dry.
Yeah.
Uh, like September was hot and dry,
October.
Um, September really was,
I'm not sure about October.
I think for about twelve months through September the, the average temperature has been higher than normal each month. Um, lots of ninety degree days during the summer.
Really?
Huh.
It really has been strange here this year,
I mean, this whole course this whole year has been a different year in more ways than one.
Uh-huh.
But, uh, we had, uh, you know, all these, we have all these, uh,
somebody said, you know, you're either a stranger or a fool to try to predict Texas weather,
but. Well, always, they were saying it was going to be the hottest summer ever,
Uh-huh.
and we had all this rain,
and it really is not a bad summer at all, really cool.
But all of a sudden, in, in, uh, in October, uh, September, October it got real hot and dry and just stayed that way for a long time.
And, uh, then the end of October it started rain almost a week without stopping, just pouring down, you know.
There were flash floods everywhere, that kind of deal,
and then uh, into of November, the first, like the second week, uh, you know, the first week actually, we had, we had a freeze,
Uh-huh.
and the average, you know, the average, uh, first frost is like the fifteenth of November here
Oh, if you had it early.
but usually it's not until later
It's really strange.
Yeah,
I think we usually have a frost in October.
Yeah.
Uh, but, you know. We really need the rain that we've been getting,
and it has not today,
but the last few days it's been, been pouring most of the day.
Is it, is it, is it flooding anywhere?
Flooding anywhere.
I have not heard of it, any problems of it flooding anywhere,
I mean, that's occurred certainly at times in the past,
but, uh, no,
I've not heard of any particular problems this time.
It's just kind of, uh,
we're supposed to have a chance to get some rain the next couple of days here, uh, which will be, you know, a little bit more typical, uh, autumn weather. But really it's strange.
We haven't really had an autumn.
It's like we went into winter
Yes.
you know, the poor trees, said what
Yes,
yeah,
we had summer lasting long
and then it, then it, then it became winter like, uh today it's, today it's sort of change to warmer to sort of more typical autumn day.
Yeah,
uh, it's,
Yeah,
there, you, you know,
usually there's, uh,
I have a farm a hundred miles east of here in East Texas,
and you know, all these huge trees just like the eastern hard wood belt all the way up to Maine, you know,
it's that same trees, pines and, and hard woods, you know hickories and oaks and stuff,
Yeah.
and, uh, I was up there last weekend,
and there are trees that, that still have their leaves on,
and they're green,
but they're dead
You know, the, the freeze just got them.
They, they weren't ready for it at all apparently,
and, and we haven't had a typical fall at all.
Not much color, you know, changes have occurred at all.
Really weird this year.
I'm not sure what that, what that means.
I don't know.
Yeah,
our leaves are, are all on, on the ground now.
I think it was an especially good winter for fall colors.
So you, you all actually had some color, huh?
Oh, yeah,
yeah.
It kind of crept in
and,
Yeah,
we, we did, for a time.
Yeah,
it's usually beautiful up there isn't it?
Uh-huh.
Gorgeous.
That's, you know,
I think you could drive along in Maryland and look at the sweet gum trees on each side and the, and the pines and what not,
and you could, you know, you could be driving along in East Texas and looks just the same.
It's almost, you know, identical kind of country.
Uh-huh.
Beautiful.
Been that this year for the trees for the leaves.
Yeah.
Oh.
Yeah,
I was up, I was up there cutting some firewood this weekend,
so.
Um.
Little, little oak tree that was dead, and cut it up and split it .
Yeah,
that's because it, it can't tolerate a freeze this early.
Is that right?
Well.
If it would came later it would be all right?
Uh, it, there's some trees
like the oaks, like the white oaks seem to be pretty hardy.
There's,
nothing bothers them.
Their leaves are still green,
and some of the other oaks. There are a few oaks that have lost their leaves.
Um, what I notice mostly is the red maples, that the leaves are just dead, the dogwoods still look, still look, you know, they got, uh, bit on the ends of the leaves a little bit,
but they still look pretty good.
Um.
It just depends on the, on the, uh, on the tree.
