Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
My name is, uh, Donna Donahue,
and I live in Plano, Texas.
Hi.
My name is Lowell,
and I live in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Oh, okay.
Um, do you want to start
or should I start?
Go right ahead.
Okay, um,
I would say that our home is a very typical home for the area that we live in.
We have, um, three children,
and, um, they attend the public school here and are very active in a lot of the sports, soccer and baseball
and, well, my little girl goes to tap dance,
and my little one goes to preschool
and, um, I'm home with the children, just do a lot of running around.
It seems like a lot of my neighbors kind of have a similar type, I don't know, life.
Um, what about you?
I'm, I'm single,
and I, I live in a town home here in Raleigh,
Uh-huh.
and it's pretty typical of the other town homes in the area
Uh-huh.
Okay.
we, we have a lot of town homes here as well as single family homes,
Uh-huh.
and at the time that I bought this one it was just a, a much better arrangement for me personally.
I'm not home a lot.
I travel a great deal with my job,
Uh-huh.
and so it was easier to have a home that didn't exactly that somebody else looks out for the maintenance.
Was sort of maintenance free.
Yeah.
Oh yeah,
well, um, that, that sounds, that sounds pretty good for
I know my husband takes an awful lot of time on the weekends, not so much now, but to, um, maintain the lawn and the edging and the flower beds,
and it's a lot of work, owning a home with a little bit of property attached to it.
It's
It certainly is.
sometimes I think, um, it would be nice to have a town home, with not having all that responsibility.
Well, if you ever get one, be sure the walls are good and thick because if they're not you can hear.
I, that's the main thing when I was shopping for one,
I wanted to make sure I could, I couldn't hear my neighbors
and that was
Right.
so I bought one that's more like living in a,
once you're inside, you don't know you're in a town home.
Oh, that sounds lovely.
It is.
They're kind of built on a catty-cornered instead of like side by side
Uh-huh.
so you don't actually hear anybody next door to you.
Uh-huh.
So in, in your area then there's probably a lot of, um, career type people that have those type homes
and
Yes,
definitely.
uh-huh,
and, um, the area that we're settled in is, um, definitely young, young families with, with kids.
They're still doing, um, a lot of building in the neighborhood.
So the people that move here seem to move from all over the country, which we're from, um, the northeast,
and, um, seems like a people just don't, or also don't have any family around.
So it, um, also gives you a common bond when you don't have a lot of relatives visiting your neighbors,
and you know, um But, um ,
Well, we also in this area seem to have a lot of retirees people who don't want the heat of Florida but don't want the heat of the, the cold of the northeast
Uh-huh.
so they settle sort of in-between.
Right,
right.
Uh-huh.
Now it's, um, is it very wooded around where you are,
there lots of pretty trees and,
Yes
Yeah.
as a matter of fact this is a, uh, this particular community that I live in is very wooded.
Oh, how pretty.
It is nice.
I do miss that.
Around here in Plano there are very few trees
and it's pretty flat and, and kind of barren
and that's the only thing that we don't like about living in Texas, is we miss all the beautiful trees and the Fall
and, and, um, uh, the landscape is much different here in Texas than it is, you know, in the north. Um, or even where you are.
Uh, we definitely have a lot of trees here.
A lot of leaves to rake up too, I bet.
Yes
but fortunately the home owner's association does all that.
Does that,
well, see, that's another plus.
Yes,
I don't have to worry about that
and this is the time of year we're starting to lose,
they're all falling now.
That's right,
that's right,
they are.
I'm going to get the kids to get outside with the other neighbor kids and do the little bit of raking that needs to be done.
We just have a few trees in the front and a few in the back but, not, not much. Just, just a little kind of just in more of a make a little bit of a mess for a few weeks
and if you didn't do anything about it, then they'd probably the leaves just blow away
Right.
It's not too bad.
Okay,
do we have to speak for a certain amount of time?
No,
I don't think so.
Okay.
Okay.
It was really nice speaking to you.
It was good to speak with you too.
Okay,
and have a happy Thanksgiving.
Thank you,
you too.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
