Well, what's your favorite baseball team, Rita?
Well, I suppose I'm supposed to say the Rangers, right
Is that what
is the million dollar question here?
Well, that isn't a, a true false or right or wrong test here.
Yeah.
Uh, uh, you know, I would like to say the Rangers,
but unfortunately they're not.
I was from Illinois,
and my favorite team was the White Sox.
Not a Cubbies fan, huh.
No,
no,
my family, my dad was,
but I turned out to be a White Sox fan.
Well, that's all right.
I lived in Chicago.
How do you expect them to do this year?
Yeah
they did pretty well.
Okay.
What did you think of the World Series?
Well, I'll tell you.
I just, uh, moved down from South Dakota in July,
and, uh, in South Dakota, the Minnesota Twins are the closest professional sports team to where I was living
Uh-huh.
and so everybody was a Twins fan,
and I was kind of, uh, didn't have much interest in the Twins, you know,
it was, it was kind of pathetic, I mean,
we only had two radio stations,
and one of them broadcast every Twins game live, you know,
and, and the other one was country.
So you didn't really have a lot of choice, did you.
So, that's right.
There's was Twins there, or, you know Skip Williams.
Or country.
Yeah.
Oh, uh, and I was routing for the Twins myself because, uh, they, a couple of Ranger players that I had watched when we first moved here, uh, went to Minnesota,
and we used to tease about, my son
and I used to have a bet going about some of the players that had moved from here to Minnesota,
but it was it certainly was an exciting Series, anyway.
It sure was,
it sure was.
What do you think going to happen to the Rangers?
Well, I I would like to assume that they're going to do, do better this coming year,
Or can we predict?
I was sure hopeful anyway.
When we moved down, uh, I was able to go to my first, you know baseball game, and thought, this is great, this is incredible.
Uh-huh.
So I became a Rangers fan.
I didn't really have one in South Dakota.
So I adopted the Rangers,
or rather they adopted me, I guess
Uh-huh.
and, uh, it was just exciting, you know,
you can watch baseball on T V
and they hit the long ball,
and it looks like wow, they really hit that ball.
But when you go to the ball park, it's really not all that far you know,
No.
and it's so much more exciting watching a ball come at you,
and.
Oh, isn't it though.
You know, but, oh, I, I think going to the ball park just really makes it. Because then you watch it on T V you feel like you're more a part of it too.
That's right,
that's right.
Well, I'm a great sports enthusiast,
so I love, you know, baseball teams,
and they,
in fact, on the news tonight, Nolan Ryan was on there.
He was being, he was put in the, which I never knew existed, the Restaurant Hall of Fame
The Restaurant
The Restaurant Hall of Fame inducted him tonight,
and he, uh, says he's coming back, you know, uh,
Huh.
he doesn't know how many years I mean, to pitch.
Right.
He'll be at least one more,
and he said he's been saying one more, and it's been two and three, might be two and three more.
He likes it.
That's right
Yeah.
and he's still doing great still doing excellent.
That's right.
You know, and he said, I get a kick out of it, you know,
he's, he's such a nice man.
Well, didn't he just sign a twelve year contract with the Rangers?
Yeah,
and he,
you know when he quits at being active, he will go into, you know being a, managing and, yeah, you know, being a coach, I'm sure.
Management.
Right.
But, he's, uh, he certainly is a good example, uh, for the kids.
That's right.
You know, you like to have someone like that you could point to say, see what a fine man, that, he is.
You know, some of the,
like, uh, Ivan Rodriguez wasn't even born when, when, uh, Nolan Ryan started pitching.
That's right.
And it's just incredible to think that there's, uh, there are players who are the sons of ball players that used to play against Nolan or with Nolan, you know,
Uh-huh.
and now their sons are.
Oh, he's been a legend for so many years, you know,
and I don't know,
were you here, had you moved here yet when he did the exhibition at U T with his son.
His son pitched for U T
and he pitched for an exhibition game for the Rangers.
Uh-huh,
I wasn't.
Yeah,
it was a,
I think it was a little early part of the summer,
and uh, Nolan against.
Was it Nolan against, uh
Ryan against Ryan, huh.
Ryan against Ryan,
yeah,
his son pitched for U T
Well that is neat.
and, uh, only, uh, Ryan didn't want too much publicity on it because he didn't want his son getting too nervous about this whole thing.
Uh-huh.
A game is a game, you know.
Well, the Rangers really, uh, knocked the socks off of them, which you would expect you know, anyway,
Right.
but Nolan I think took himself out after a couple of innings or something, you know, of the game
so,
