Okay.
So what do you, uh, think is the, uh, the worst culprit for air pollution?
Well, I think it's, it's probably a combination of things.
Um, factories that, that burn coal as a, an energy source with sulfur and nitrogen contaminants, you know,
and you get sulfur oxides and nitrogen oxides.
Uh-huh.
Uh, those are the ones I think primarily contribute to acid rain,
and I think that's, that's probably hurting us a little bit.
It's hurting, you know, it's hurting Germany, for example, too, and some other parts of Europe where they, where they have high industry.
So we're not the lone ranger here.
Yeah.
I, uh, I,
it's hard to put the finger on, uh, what's worse, you know, the acid rain situation or the ozone depletion, um, with, uh, your hydrocarbons, uh causing the damage in which,
Yeah.
Hopefully we're backing off from that a little bit,
but I know we haven't cured it yet by a long shot.
Well, I notice on one of these, uh, home shopping networks they were selling these, uh, halogen, uh, fire extinguishers
Yeah.
and the halogen is, uh, an ozone depleter,
and it got hydrocarbons in there.
It's a very clean, uh, fire extinguisher,
but it's, you know, really bad on the environment.
Yeah.
Huh.
Yeah,
I guess I missed that one.
Uh.
Yeah.
Automobiles of course are contributing, too,
and, you know, how, how we are with our love affair with the auto
Yeah.
kind of hard to do anything about that, I guess.
I know,
uh, in the Twin Cities area,
I just moved out of there and was kind of happy I timed it just right,
but they had a new policy where in order to get your, uh, your license, uh, your car license, uh, renewed, you had to meet the pollution standards
Yeah.
and, uh.
We have that here, too,
but it's part of the inspection sticker, you know,
they put a probe in your exhaust pipe
and, and the computer reads whatever the ionization is coming out,
and so that's, you know, that's the way they're dealing with it here.
Yeah.
Yeah, uh,
yeah
I guess that was just mainly in the cities there,
and as far as where I live, I don't have to do that,
but I have an old car which I doubt would, uh, would, uh, pass the inspection, a seventy-six,
Yeah.
and, uh, you know, there's no way I would put in a lot of money to, to repair it to meet standards.
Yeah.
It'd probably be difficult anyway.
Yeah.
So, although I do what I can to, to cut down pollution,
but, uh.
I was just reading an article in, uh, MOTHER EARTH NEWS, MOTHER EARTH NEWS magazine
Yeah.
and, uh, they've got a new, uh,
you know a lot of places are burning wood
Yeah.
a lot, a lot of people are burning wood,
those of us who have,
I've got a place in the country, you know
Uh-huh.
and, uh, they've had catalytic you know, catalytic converters on those, on,
uh, I think they're required in California and Oregon and, and Washington,
but they've had up those for quite a while,
and somebody's come up with a new one that, uh, sort of,
it's a, it's a catalytic converter,
it's, it's a plate that fits in, you know, into the smoke pipe
Yeah.
and, uh, apparently it sort of feeds itself.
The more smoke is produced, you know,
after you get to like five hundred degrees, the higher it gets the more complete the combustion is.
And it sounds real neat.
I haven't seen them priced anywhere yet,
but that, that sounds like that might help solve that problem even on you know, old, old, uh, older stoves that don't have any kind of E P A requirements on them.
Yeah.
That might help a little bit, especially in some places.
We're really lucky here.
We have a prevailing southerly wind that blows just about everything out.
Yeah.
Now sometimes we get a kind of a,
especially in, in, uh, autumn it seem like we get kind of a brown haze sitting on us,
but most of the time it's blowing out pretty well.
Yeah.
Probably blowing up there to you guys
Yeah,
well, well around here I, we get, uh,
well it depends, you know,
either in the, in the winter time it, it blows it your way,
and in the summer time we probably get yours.
Yeah.
It comes back.
Yeah.
I really think, uh, you know, we're doing some, some important things.
Education, raising consciousness awareness,
uh, I know school kids,
I work for the school district here,
and, uh, you know, this is one of the big things with kids.
Kids are writing letters to the newspapers about, you know, telling adults to clean up their act
Yeah.
and, it's uh, you know,
I hope we're not too late with it.
We're, we're, uh, we're having all kinds of recycling.
Yeah,
well, it, uh, that's a big thing, too.
I know it has nothing to do with air pollution,
but I kind of look at the way people treat our,
