Well what kind of car, uh, are you thinking of buying next?
Uh, more than likely, it's going to be a Chrysler.
You like the Chrysler products, do you?
Uh, Chrysler LeBaron,
yeah.
It won't be a Ford.
I've got a Ford Mustang now,
and I hate it.
Do you really?
Yeah.
What year is it?
It's a eighty-eight.
And why don't you like the Mustang?
It's, um,
I've had one problem with it after the other.
I'll be darned.
The the paints peeling off of it, or find them road dead.
Well, you know the old sayings about Fords, what they stand for.
There you go.
Well, uh.
That, uh,
I, uh,
it's,
my electrical system shorted out like two or three times,
and it's been torn up since April,
and I, and luckily, everything was under warranty,
so it's only costing like a hundred and forty dollars to get it fixed.
It would have been like two thousand
Well, we've always, uh, we've always had Oldsmobiles, and, uh, been very, uh, happy with Oldsmobiles,
but, uh, my wife thought she wanted to get a Ford Mustang
and then she kind of changed her mind and thinks her next car ought to be one of those, uh, Mitsubishi Eclipses.
She She likes, uh, likes those.
Those, those are nice cars.
She has a sister that lives in, uh, Phoenix that has one and, uh, really, uh, enjoys it.
Well, what, uh, what things do you consider when you buy a car?
Um, the gas mileage for one thing,
and I've, I've, I've always had like stick shift.
I want to, the next car I get I want it to be automatic.
I see.
I, uh, I, I hate driving anyway,
and then, and changing gears at stop lights and stuff is really getting on my nerves now.
Yeah,
especially when you're in high traffic areas and have to mess with that all the time.
Yeah.
And, you know, when you work nine to five, or eight to five, and you're in rush hour traffic to and from work, unfortunately.
That makes it very frustrating.
And I look,
and one of the things with Chrysler right now is, is their, the warranties that they have,
and I, I feel like their,
everybody I've talked to that owns one, has, has, has been real pleased with it,
and I like the, the driver's air bag,
I like that.
Now this is a LeBaron?
Uh, yeah,
well all Chrysler products has it in there,
but LeBaron would be the next car I get,
yeah.
I sure like the, uh, convertible, those rag top LeBarons,
they really look sporty.
Yeah,
yeah,
I like, I like that too, huh,
but, uh, I, I couldn't afford the insurance on one of those
Well, uh, we always,
this last Oldsmobile we bought, uh, it's an eighty-seven,
but we bought it in eighty-eight, you know, right at the end of the year when they were trying to get rid of them
Yeah.
and, uh, we found that, uh, we found a real good interest rate,
you know, when they're trying to get rid of those cars at the end of the year like that, they really come down on their prices
and, uh, uh, you know, we looked around at used cars,
and we really couldn't, uh, afford the payments on a used car,
because, uh, if you go to the bank and try to get a loan, they want to charge twelve, thirteen percent, you know,
and we ended up, I think, with like a four and a half percent interest rate on a brand new car, and the payments.
Well, that's what I'm paying on mine now.
I had to get like a first time,
my dad's always cosigned on, on my, my loans, or whatever,
and this is one, when I bought,
I got my Mustang this time was by myself, because I got on my own, or whatever,
and, um, I had said,
they, they said it had to be like a first time buyer's car or whatever,
and they're charging me unreasonable interest,
but I've got eight more payments
and it's paid for.
Well, that's great.
But I got it when, I got it when the eighty-eights first came out,
it's a, it's, it's a good car, I mean, I got in eighty-seven, I guess, in like November or something like that,
and.
Uh-huh.
Well, when our kids were younger we really wanted a two door.
Our first car was an Oldsmobile back in seventy-seven.
It was a two door Cutlass Supreme,
and, uh, it just happened that when we looked for our, our new car, they had a thing going with Oldsmobile
and if you'd buy a, a new Oldsmobile they'd give you four hundred rebate, because it was their seventy-fifth anniversary.
Uh-huh.
I
yeah
seventy-fifth anniversary.
So in addition to everything else we got off the car, all we had to do is show them our, uh, papers on our first car,
and they gave us another four hundred dollars off on it.
So we, we got a four door this time,
and I sort of went more for the, uh, the comfort factor,
and, uh, I liked the smaller cars,
but I'm a bigger person,
and I, I really like comfort, you know, driving along the road and stuff.
Well, that's another big factor of mine.
Next, next car I get's going to be a four door too. Something with some room.
Yeah.
Because I, uh, my Mustang is, is, is two door with bucket seats,
and you buy groceries and stuff like that.
And if you try to take anybody, you know, go to the show or go out for supper, and you go as a foursome,
