Okay
on a scale of one to ten where do you stand and why?
Well, I guess I stand on, uh, on, probably ten for no, uh, restrictions.
I, uh, recently just moved to Texas from, uh, South Dakota and Nebraska,
and I guess in terms of gun control I've always, uh, been raised with the, uh, idea in the Constitution that, uh, citizens had a right to bear arms,
and I realize that probably way back when when the Constitution was written it probably regarded, uh, more, uh, of a national defense, uh, than anything else,
but, uh, on the other hand, too, uh, people then, uh, needed to use firearms for, um, survival in terms of, uh, food
Yes,
true.
and, uh, I was raised, uh, you know, hunting all the time,
I lived on the farm, and, uh, you know, enjoy hunting
and I guess I have, uh, some problems with, uh, being restricted to, um, owning a gun for, you know, hunting purposes mainly.
Right.
And, um, it scares me a little bit to think that they would begin restricting gun control to the point where, um, eventually we may not be able to have that right any more.
Yeah,
I can, I can understand that.
I was raised in Oklahoma,
and of course, being Oklahoman and Texan, uh,
yeah,
the hunting and everything,
and I used to things in my father and my husband having guns and all,
and I, I did, used to be all in favor of it,
but it's, all of a sudden it's starting to get really scary with these gangs.
Yet I think I would vote a one if I thought that it would be nation wide and they can guarantee no one would have a gun, no crooks, nothing.
But because I know that's not going to happen, then I have to probably right up there about an eight
Yeah,
it, uh, moving to this area, of course it happens everywhere,
but, uh, I guess we're pretty naive coming from small towns, uh, in the midwest and then, uh, moving to a larger city where there are drive-by shootings
and, uh, there seems like killing for no reason at all,
and, uh.
Well, it just seems like in the past three or four years it has just gotten so much worse than it was.
There's always been a certain amount of crime in your, you know, your urban areas,
and I know we lived in Chicago for seven years,
and of course it was definitely there.
So when we first moved here, it wasn't as bad as this.
It's, you know, it's just getting all of a sudden so much worse.
I don't know whether it's due to the drugs and the, uh, drug kings that are here and Jamaican drug kings coming in.
I don't know whether that's it, or street gangs.
I don't know what the answer is.
I know that it's scary,
and yet I hate the government constantly telling me what I can do and what I can't do,
and that's basically what the gun control would end up being.
I, I think so,
and, and there's always the, uh, the, uh, the old, uh, saying that keeps coming up that if a person wants a gun bad enough they'll, they'll get one,
and, uh, and then, uh.
Well, it's very true.
Yeah.
It's not the law abiding citizen that, you know, is, is dangerous with the gun
It's the ones that are going out and stealing it.
Yeah.
And I said I think the only way I would be in big favor of gun control is if they could absolutely guarantee that nobody would have them.
And I think that would almost have to go with armies, too.
I mean, they'd have to be almost world-wide, which we know would never ever happen.
Yeah,
yeah,
that's for sure.
Because even if you said, okay,
you know, armed forces could have them,
some idiot would come out and sell it to somebody on the street to make a quick buck.
Yeah,
and, uh, and, you know, uh, I suppose, uh, years ago, way back when, uh, when, uh, they had the revolutionary war and people decided that they, uh, were fed up with the government, uh,
and if they didn't have a way to, uh, to fight back they would have been in big trouble.
That's very true
very true.
Who knows,
we maybe want to overthrow the government
Well, the way things are going.
I know,
if somebody doesn't do something.
Uh, what about, uh, what do you think of this, this, uh, law that they're putting into effect that you have to wait X number of days before you can, uh, carry the gun, or buy, you know, actually purchase the gun?
Well, you know, they introduced some gun control back when I was a teenager, I believe, in terms of, uh, every gun you bought had to be licensed, I believe.
Yes.
And, uh, you know, that didn't bother me, uh, too much,
and so, I guess it depends, um, if there are some statistics that show that, uh, that people, uh, commit crimes on the spur of the moment.
