Okay,
uh, what do you consider an invasion of privacy?
Uh, I was just now told that's what the topic was
and, uh, I guess invasion of privacy, uh, to me, for example would be unauthorized use of credit cards for example.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, I guess recently one of the T V stations here, uh, ran a series of, uh, news casts on unauthorized credit card usage and how easy it was to get a person's credit card numbers. And use it
It's very easy.
and I was quite surprised at that.
I guess I can consider myself fortunate that, uh, it never happened to me.
Now, I've never, I've never had that happen to me either.
I don't know what I'd really do if it did.
What do you think about places,
like I was in Michael's the other night and charged something,
and they asked for my home phone even though, you know, the charge had been approved.
What do you think of that?
Uh,
Does it bother you to give it?
No,
not really because I'm listed in the phone book.
If I was the type of individual that, uh, had an unlisted number, I, I think I would be hesitant to give it.
You know that they, they now have a, uh, I believe it's a federal law that you do not have to give your phone number on charge tickets.
One of the things that upset me when I lived in California was, uh, they did a lot of things with your Social Security number.
Security number,
uh-huh.
As a matter of fact, they even went to the point of printing our Social Security number on your driver's license.
Oh.
And they would not cash checks unless they had your Social Security number,
so we had our Social Security numbers imprinted on our checks.
Uh, uh-huh.
And I was really, you know, unhappy about that situation.
I think that was an invasion of privacy.
Privacy,
yes,
yes.
I can see, you know, where that was.
I, I don't mind my phone number and address or work phone being given, you know, when I have to cash a check.
I don't see any need for it when I'm charging something,
but I, neither am I a person that has the guts to say, no,
I'm not going to give it to you, either
Right.
You know, and, uh,
One of the biggest things, I think that's going on in this country right now is the selling of, uh, mail lists and things like that.
Yes,
yes.
You know, uh, recently we, uh, I purchased some magazines, U S NEWS and FORBES magazine.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
And every since that day, I have been inundated with, you know, uh, subscriptions to this, subscriptions to that, uh, this news letter, this investment letter, uh, even to the point of people calling me at home.
And prior to me ordering these magazines, I never got those kind of calls.
Right,
right.
And,
I discovered with, uh, charge cards, uh, I feel like that I don't know whether it's the stores themselves that sell the list or whether the, uh, uh, credit report bureau sells it,
but I get catalogs from people I've never even heard of.
Uh-huh.
And I know they have to be coming from my charge cards, you know.
From some, some list,
yeah.
From some list, you know, that knows that I have a, say a charge account at, at Neiman's or something
because then I'll get catalogs that, you know, are within that range that I would never order from ordinarily,
Uh-huh.
Right.
and, uh, you know, and I get, I get tired of that.
I, because I look at all that junk mail,
and I think of how inept our post office is and how that's taking up you know, all their time to sort
All their time.
and they're not even paying full postage.
Sure.
You know, and if you did away with some of that, our postal service might give better service.
I think the general public would be, you know, uh, tremendously upset if they knew how easy it is for, uh, let's say the criminal individuals to, to get access to people's records, uh, their credit cards driver's licenses, checks, things like that.
Right.
Uh-huh.
Uh, I don't think anybody really knows what to do about it.
No,
no.
Computers caused a lot of this, I'm sure.
Well, you know, let's face it,
computers can be gotten into very easily if you, if you really have the, the know with all, if you're, you know, so inclined to, uh, oh, what do I want to say, have the smarts to be able to tinker with something like that. You know, and have a basic knowledge,
Sure.
they're very easy to get into.
To tap into a system.
Seems as though they are,
yeah.
Uh-huh, you know,
and, uh, which is scary,
I mean, you know, our lives are on computers.
Unfortunately.
And, uh, and I don't know,
I kind of, I resent the calls of an evening trying to sell me something.
Uh,
Fortunately, I haven't, uh, haven't, uh, been inundated with that situation yet.
We are constantly, it seems like.
I don't know why.
You know, either wanting to clean our carpet, sell us storm windows,
