Okay,
would you, uh, like to begin or would you like me to start?
Uh, oh, I can start.
Okay.
I, I think one of the, the biggest, uh, improvements in women is that finally you're starting to see them get into, uh, management
Yes.
and you're seeing them, uh, get, uh, elected to, uh, political offices. Uh, not near enough.
Uh-huh.
I know there's still a long way to go especially in top management
Yes,
I agree.
You're not seeing, you know,
looking at T I, you see them in management, but you're not seeing them up there as V P
Right.
And I have a sister that's an attorney in Oklahoma City,
and I know the company that she was with, uh,
the women didn't have near the positions, the levels that the men attorneys had. And were not, uh, given the same respect.
Right.
I agree with that.
I, I think you do see more and more women out there in politics, too, as mayors or, uh, you know, in, in helping to maybe, uh, get some legislation passed to, to have women have more rights.
Yes.
I think still, even with that whole, um, thing with Judge Thomas and, and, uh, you, you still felt like the woman was the one that you would maybe discredit first before the man
or something the way they had the trial
and uh, I just think that it's, it's still going to take another generation or so before, before the women really, could really feel that they're really equal in the business world and that they work just as hard or harder
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
Right,
right.
Uh, but it's still, uh,
going from, from homemakers into, uh, corporate leaders is still a big step.
Right,
I also think that, uh, uh, women as homemakers are beginning to get more respect than they used to be.
Used to be people would say, do you work, and you'd say, no, I work in the home
and
Right.
it was, it was, then it was almost like a put down, particularly, particularly even by women in the work force.
But, I think now, I think people are realizing that the roles women play in the home are very, very important.
Yes.
And it's getting the respect and, which is about time.
I think it's true.
I think also people are having children at a older age
Yes,
very definitely.
so it's maybe like, uh, you know,
you go through college
and then you maybe work for a few years
and then you have your first child
and, uh, you know, you, you know both sides of the coin.
That's right.
You know what it's like and how much work it takes to keep the house running smoothly, and to take care of the kids.
And, and then, uh, maybe people that are just working and think, oh, you just stay at home.
But then when they're in their thirties and have their first and second kid, it's like, they lose it
Right.
They say, wow!
This is harder than I thought
Yes
Well, you know.
And, and, to those that have never worked and had, you know, and have stayed home with the kids, kind of does your heart good
I know it,
I know.
Because I know I stayed home with mine and didn't start working until mine were in high school.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, so, you know, it, it kind of does me good.
I think also one of the things that, that's really tremendous and, it doesn't necessarily have to do with women, but the fact that the fathers are so involved with families.
Are so involved.
Yes.
Which, again, I think it helps a woman's role.
Right,
right.
You know,
Their role has to change to kind of accommodate us, too.
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
I know,
I have three children
and my oldest is eleven
and I've pretty much been home, uh, since Brian was born
and, uh, just recently I went back to work, uh, last school semester to tutor, uh, high school age students with learning disabilities
and I was just out of the house two days a week
Uh-huh.
but, I thought, wow, this is really hard,
only,
and it was only two days
and I was home before three.
But getting the baby to day care, getting the kids off to school, I still did everything I always do, you know,
my husband still got up and went to work
Uh-huh.
but, uh, it, it,
only those two,
it made a big difference.
I thought, wow, full time,
I don't think I could swing that personally.
Well, I had to,
course, I work full time,
but my daughter and her husband were out of town
so I had my grandchildren for four days during, uh, football, soccer season
Oh.
Oh, boy.
and so I would work
and her,
some friends would take care of the kids,
but I would have to get them picked up from there get them fed, get them to practices get homework done, get baths.
Pick up. Dinner.
Right.
I was absolutely exhausted.
I bet,
I bet.
And, and these women that are waiting until they're in their late thirties, or early forties to have their first children, I think are absolutely crazy.
Well, I, I know a lot of people,
I know I had my first child when I was twenty-five,
and that's not considered really young these days,
that's almost, you know
Uh-huh.
but, uh, I have friends that, that have kids just starting kindergarten
and they're, they're forty years old.
And, and then like maybe a two year old at home,
and I think, boy, I, I'm, I'm in my
