Uh, advice on son or daughter going to college.
Right.
Uh, that's advice that I will need in time future for my children, rather than one that I have, uh, personal experience with
Uh-huh.
Uh, I suppose I would ask what the child wants to do in life and what the child hopes to, to get out of college and what sort of college would best meet, meet those needs.
Uh-huh.
Right,
uh, let's see,
when I, when I went away to school, I'm trying to think my criteria.
I guess when you're, when you're eighteen or so, uh, it would be important to know if it was a coed college
That was a, a strict requirement for me.
Uh, again what, uh, how serious a person is according to, uh, uh, you know, what, what they want to get out of school, and, uh, I guess they'd have to consider how expensive the college is and how close to home, if they could handle being away for real long periods of time or if they need to be somewhere where they can drive home when they needed to get home.
Uh, let's see, uh,
now what was the question,
what, what's the criteria for picking a college?
What advice would you give?
What advice.
Oh, okay, uh,
I guess one clear-cut piece of advice is by all means visit the college campus.
Yes.
Uh, stay in a dormitory if you can.
Go to classes,
talk to faculty members and students.
Yes,
and also, uh, depending on how, uh, uh, adjustable your child would be, or, or flexible, I guess it would be, uh,
if, if they chose a college in a different part of the country that maybe the, they were unused to their, that, the way they run things,
I mean, the, the northern colleges are very different than the southern colleges, I think.
The people are different
and, uh, you have to be more flexible and more willing to, uh, uh, adjust to other people's mannerisms and customs or ways of doing things.
You know, you have to be a flexible person to be able to go all the way across country to something totally different than what you're used to. Uh,
Yes,
I'm thinking what, what problems my children might have in that, uh,
You think so
but I agree with you.
Uh, let's see,
what else.
Uh, well, climate would be,
you know, you'd have to
Uh-huh.
you know, is somewhat,
if, uh, if it's something different than the one they're used to, I guess, uh,
if they're used to the northern weather then the southern weather they might kind of feel like they need to go out and play all the time, not be in studying If you're in Florida or California. Uh,
I, I'd also advise them that, uh, if mom and dad paid for their college, that, uh, if they decided to drop a course or decided that they need another year, then they'd have to get a loan to continue.
Yeah.
Well, course it, it is a big factor in having an understanding of how much parents will pay and how much has to come from other sources and your willingness, one, to, to work during the summer or, or part time. And two, uh, to, to take out loans to assume, uh, debt after college.
That's right.
There's,
The, the responsibility of that.
And, uh, uh, uh, they could, they could work and earn money towards college.
Also if they stay within their state, you get a lot more financial aid
or it's a lot cheaper if you stay within your state than if you go out of state to a private school, uh,
Yes.
and, like I said, if they was willing to work, uh, in the summers and also maybe then the parents could pay a third
and then maybe they could take out a loan for a third depending on how expensive it is.
By the time, I have an eleven year old is my oldest,
so, it's not too far away,
but it's,
Mine is twelve.
Oh, okay.
But it's getting there,
I mean, we still have, definitely can put away the money for college now.
Uh, I would advise that, that they did not have a car at college.
They would,
That's my gut feeling, too.
I,
my son is certainly not persuaded of that
Hello?
Yes,
I'm here.
Oh, yeah, uh,
yes,
I didn't have a car in college.
I think it's more an a burden to, to provide for.
No.
I think so, too.
I think, I think because most kids don't have a car at college, the ones that do get taken advantage of
and, you know, there is just, I think it's just trouble waiting to happen.
So I would advise they didn't, they didn't take a car
and, uh they didn't take a television
Is it,
and they didn't take a refrigerator
Maybe that,
Uh, I didn't do any of those, though,
I feel less strongly about the T V and refrigerators.
No,
I, I,
Yeah,
we didn't have,
