Uh, so my favorite team is about the Rangers.
Is it?
I'd have to agree with that.
They are my favorite team, too.
Yeah.
A little disappointing the last few years.
I'm telling you.
You think they'll sign Ruben?
You know I really don't.
No?
I just don't think, you know, with that guy from Pittsburgh getting all that money, twenty-seven or twenty-nine million or whatever it was, I just don't think that they're going to be able to sign Ruben Sierra
and it's just going to be a shame for, you know, our area.
Right.
Yeah,
I think it's going to have a big effect if they don't on the other, uh, Hispanic players.
Oh, I do, too.
I just,
I think that's going to be the big problem.
The main thing,
It's just going to effect on the, the team, you know.
Right.
We just can't seem to, you know,
I think we've been in this spot,
I think we finished second once or maybe even twice.
I don't know,
I I'm, I haven't been to a baseball game in a couple of years.
Yeah.
It's just, it's just too disappointing.
I just watch them fall every year.
Right.
I was a Pete Incaviglia fan
and, uh I liked him,
Oh.
but, of course, I understand baseball decisions are all just,
decisions like that have to be made by someone
Glad it's not me making them.
Right
I think they just want to stay mediocre and draw their two million fans out there and then be happy with it and not have to pay the bucks to get a contender in here.
But,
They say as long as they draw up two million fans that Greave and Valentine will be there.
Right.
Right,
yeah.
So, and that's the name of the game, too.
You got to make money. You know, pay these players so much money,
Right.
now, it's just it's frightening.
Right.
You and I should be so lucky to, you know, to go out and swing a bat and get two thousand dollars every time you swing the bat or something like that.
That's true.
But, uh, they were talking about trading him, if they're not able to sign him and, uh, use the money that it would take to sign the guy, you know, to pay for pitchers or, you know, what it, what it, what they, what else they need.
Because they've got the hitting,
but they need the pitching.
Yeah,
they really do.
Um.
I think they, uh, I think they need them all.
I just don't I understand the big cities, like in New York or L A or somewhere because big cities
and, you know, a guy, a pro athlete can go out there in the afternoon and probably make five thousand dollars just by doing a personal appearance at a at a men's clothing store, or something, or sporting goods store,
Oh, I know.
but, I realize the difference,
but, I just don't understand,
Yeah,
it's sure aggravating when you go out and bust your butt working, you know, your day job and you can work your day job the rest of your life and not bring home as much money as they bring home in one game.
Oh, I know.
I tell you.
It's real aggravating,
but,
But, one thing I don't understand is why a group, you know, headed up by George Bush would buy the Texas Rangers and not really get behind them
because I tell you, we need a winner in this town.
It looks like our Cowboys are coming back
but, So that's, that's going to be a big help to Dallas,
That's right.
but, you know, in the past half a dozen years, all we've had is the, uh the soccer team.
It's always got,
Yeah,
it's always, it's always wondered me why, I mean, they act as though this area is not, you know, a big metropolitan area,
but you think we'd, someday get an owner in here that could afford to buy the, the, the players we need.
Oh, I know.
It's,
Just real aggravating to
because I've lived here, you know, since, well, I was born and raised here,
so I've been a Ranger fan since about seventy-seven,
so it's a lot of losers
Oh, I know.
It's about to get, you know as bad as the Cubs or whoever, you know.
I've been one,
Yeah,
I've been, I've lived here since seventy-four
and I've really been a Ranger fan for the longest time
and excuse me, I don't miss a time picking up the morning paper and checking the box score.
Right.
I mean I follow them
and I follow them like I follow the Mavericks and like I follow the Cowboys,
but, and I want to see them win, because you know, damn it, they, the fans deserve it.
I mean, it, You know, we have pretty, uh, great fans, put two million people in that stadium.
Right.
I'm telling you.
I love Nolan Ryan.
I guess you probably love him, too.
Right,
I think this town would go crazy if they ever got a, even a playoff team.
Oh, I do, too.
I mean, It would be packed.
And they got that new stadium they are building.
So, at least, at least that will be exciting when we get that,
It will.
but,
Well, where do you think they are heading this year?
Uh, it's hard to say.
It's going to be depending on where the, what they do with Ruben Sierra
and, uh, I mean, I'm getting tired of them going into each year saying, you know, Bobby Witt is the answer and Kevin Brown is the answer,
Right
and, man, that's getting old, you know.
These guys have been pampered.
I mean, it's time to, to either, you know, put out or shut up.
Yeah,
Bobby Witt gets forced into wins like seventeen games or whatever
And,
and they have the later ten game winning streak
Right.
and they give him all kinds of money
and then he just goes right down the tubes.
And Valentine and Greave, they're about to get, you know, they're about to get old.
But I like this Sandy Johnson.
