Lucille Hughes.
Okay,
Lucille, I'm on, on .
All right,
and what,
And our  okay, our topic was,
did you hear our topic?
Yes.
All right,
basketball.
Uh-huh.
I guess I'm probably a lot like you.
I'm a Dallas Maverick fan.
Well, I certainly am too.
Now tell me what you expect from the Mavericks this year.
Well, unfortunately, I don't expect a great deal out of them.
They just have too many problems, too many ailments, too many hurt bones, and maybe too much age at this point.
You know, when Roy Tarpley just now he messed up on them, it just hurt them so bad.
I feel like everyone else,
Um.
I feel sorry for Donald Carter and the members of the team and the management team and everyone else.
It just seems like they were just getting themselves in a position where they could possibly be a final, a final team playing for all of it.
Yes, sir.
National championship or the world championship, and something like this happens.
Oh.
Well, do you think it's time that we go for new, uh, coaches?
Is that part of our problem?
Yeah,
I think at this time, we're just in a, a rebuilding type of phase, you know.
I think that probably be evident with the more and more, the more and more young guys they draft.
But,
Well, it just, it's so discouraging that they can't really,
I mean, they're entitled to more than they've been able to do so far.
I, I'm awfully sorry that the Mavericks can't come on and, and do.
Roy, who's your next best team,
or who do you like after the Mavericks?
Oh, gosh,
I'm so much a Maverick, Maverick fan I don't know.
Probably the Boston Celtics.
I've just always like the Boston Celtics.
They have a, they have a similar situation in that a lot of old guys on the team,
and, but they're still playing good ball.
Well.
But I'm, I've always been a Boston Celtic fan, too,
but, you know, I've lived in Texas since seventy-four,
so being a transplanted Texan in, in the Dallas area, I have to stick with those Dallas Mavericks.
We certainly need to support them,
do we not.
Yes,
we do. You know.
Do you go to the game?
Yes,
I go to a few games.
I haven't been to many.
I'm not a season ticket holder or anything.
I was a season ticket holder of the Cowboys for years,
and when my kids got to a certain age and went off to school and college and doing their own thing, sort of gets boring going by yourself
Yes,
it does
I'm sure it would in such a monstrous place down there.
Oh, you bet.
But, um, maybe next, maybe they can do some.
I don't know,
who do they need to trade?
Well, I don't know.
It seems like Rolando Blackman and, and Harper sort of carry the team,
they just,
I don't know,
I'm afraid to say, that's probably who they need to trade to get someone in there good,
but, and that can really help the team,
but they do that,
they trade the nucleus of their power right now.
Yes, sir,
it seems that way to me.
I, course I don't know any of the newer ones that they have
and I'm not well versed on their capabilities,
but we really need to do something.
Well, you know, I feel like, uh, the best they can hope for this year is probably an opportunity to make the playoffs.
I like their coach.
I really like a lot,
and I just, I think he deserves a good break.
I think he deserves a healthy team so they can really see what he can do for the club.
I think Donald Carter, the owner, I think with all he's invested, he deserves a a healthy team for one year and a good break also.
I really.
Yes, sir.
This thing with Roy Tarpley just upset everyone, I think. Fans, owners, management, everyone.
And they have just done as much as they can for that man,
and he apparently can't straighten his act out,
so we need to, to build on something more positive than that.
You bet.
I think they're fools if they ever bring him back
Oh, I do, too.
I certainly would agree to that.
Hate to put it that way.
I just would not believe him any more.
Well, it, um,
I mean, you can't give, anyone too many chances
No.
and I think he has gone over the limit.
There's an old saying you can, you can lead a horse to water
but you can't make him drink.
So,
That's right.
And I think Tarpley's just a sad case.
Well.
But to be making a, a million dollars a year, that's pretty sad.
It is tragic.
I don't, um,
I mean, we're going to have to do something about all of these fabulous salaries they're paying to all of our athletes, I think.
Oh, I think you're right.
Everything has been put out of perspective now.
You know, you take a, a young kid Roy Tarpley's age, I'd say he was twenty-one when he came into the league,
and now he's probably an old age of, uh, twenty-five or six and making all that money,
Yes, sir.
well, that's, uh, that's quite a, that's a little more of a challenge for a young man than they, they need at that point in their life, I think.
I think you're right.
I believe that one,
so.
I think, you know, it's created by,
