do you see as, uh, the changes that have occurred in the last ,
Beverly.
I think one of the thing that I notice a lot,
I know it's touching social changes,
but, uh, to me what becomes socially acceptable,
and I, I don't know if it's a factor of me growing older and seeing things through different eyes or if it's a factor of our society actually moving in that direction,
but I notice things on T V being more, um, open, more I believe, uh,
they portray things on T V obviously that they never would have years ago,
and, you know, and specifically, nudity, things like that, uh,
I don't know,
I, I've said several times to my husband that I feel like gee, in ten years they'll have just full nudity on T V
and nobody will think anything of it,
and to me that's surprising.
To me, that's, that's a big change to accept it,
and it comes across, I think subtly, you know, a little at a time, to where you get so used to seeing a little change, that, you know, when they go one step further, you don't notice it that much.
That's one of the biggest ones I've seen.
Huh,
yeah,
that's a big one.
What about you?
Well, I think that society has come to a point where they're not responsible for any of their actions.
Somebody else, uh, made them do it.
Uh, that's what I seem to see a lot of, that, uh, no one is willing to take responsibility for their life and their choices.
It's rather, sue these guys because they made a uh, a seat belt that didn't work right
or uh, that's what I think is a big one.
Uh-huh.
I tend to agree with you,
and I think there's a lot of that.
Um, yeah,
we have become lawsuit happy.
Any little thing, it's like let's see what I can get.
Don't you think that maybe a lot of that came from, um, oh, you know, the, the, the era we went through that was like, you know, hey if it makes you happy, do it.
You know, kind of like, disregard to others,
do what makes you happy,
and, and yes,
we should take care of ourselves, you know,
and we should see to our own lives, but not to a total disregard of others.
Um, I don't know,
I think it's come to that a lot.
I see it a lot in my daughter.
I have a four year old.
Uh-huh.
And hers isn't a social thing as much as it's a stage they go through,
but whenever something happens it's, you made me hit that,
you made me do this,
and so I try to tell her, , everything isn't always somebody else's fault.
You know, you have to watch where you're going
and and so it's what you just said, kind of hits home to me, just through her.
Sure.
Yeah,
and, another thing I think has changed quite a bit is, uh, the roles that men and women play.
That's really in the last thirty years has changed significantly.
Um, in your opinion, good or bad, or both?
Well, both, you know,
there's some great things that, uh, have come about with more equality,
but I think that also,
I don't know what's causing society to have so many broken families and things like that, because I think that's bad for us.
I do too.
I think part of that,
I don't know,
I think the role of women changing has been good in that women are feeling like, in terms of their self confidence, their self worth, you know, I can do something,
I can be somebody, you know,
if I put my mind to it, I can accomplish things too.
And I think that's good,
but, um, I think when you push, you know, maybe I think when that was first trying come about with, you know, what we know as the women's lib movement
Uh-huh.
I think it was too extreme.
Um, I think you can be feminine and still be all those other things too, you know,
and I think there's definite roles,
and I think, you know, part of the break up of the family, maybe it's because of the, the, the social changes,
I don't know,
the fact that, uh, during their early changes where, you know, women did come more, speak, maybe speak out, I was going to say, come more out of themselves,
but speak out,
I think a lot of men were threatened by that.
I think now less men are, you know, because they're used to it,
it's around them.
Um, but I, I don't know,
I, I, I don't know why the families are breaking up.
I think that may go back to what you said a minute ago about people not being responsible for themselves or their actions, because it's like they don't go into the marriage with a commitment that this is going to work.
They go in and say, well, hey, you know, I'll stick with it while it's good,
and then I'll get out.
And I, I, I think that directly affects the effort that you put into that marriage or that commitment.
Yeah,
I would agree with you.
Uh,
