So, uh, what kind of home repair work have you done?
Well, um, done a little, uh, repair on the, uh, shingles on the roof recently.
We've had a lot of wind around here.
Been pulling them up, huh, or just loosening them until the rain came in?
Yes.
It looks like I'm going to have to get up there again, because we may have a leak.
Are you in the section of Texas that's been getting so much rain?
We've been getting quite a bit, maybe not quite as bad as some of the folks down around San Antonio,
but, uh, well, I'm right,
Plano's just north of Dallas
Oh, okay.
and there are parts of downtown or near downtown Dallas that are under water right now, I guess,
I saw on the news.
Yeah.
But you're probably, what, about halfway across the state from San Antonio, though, aren't you?
Well, we're up, uh, we're north and, uh, oh, about, uh, I don't know, uh, eighty to a hundred miles south of the Oklahoma line, I guess.
Yeah.
Yeah,
okay.
But you're still getting a good bit of the rain, though.
Uh, we did have a little bit of rain yesterday.
So far we haven't had any today.
And, uh, I suppose that means I should be, uh, getting up there to look at that, uh, shingle,
but, uh I had something else planned today,
Yeah.
so I guess I'll let it go awhile.
Yeah.
Is it asphalt shingles,
or, or .
They're, uh,
no,
they're, uh, wood shake.
Ooh,
that should be a lot of fun.
Yeah
Did you put them up originally or just going up and stopping leaks in them?
No,
I,
uh, as a matter of fact, we've never had a leak actually yet.
Now this,
we just bought the house last year,
and, uh, uh, just before we took possession of it we had a fellow go up there and do whatever needed to be done on the shingles.
So, I've just recently had to start looking at it myself.
Yeah.
So, it's a small problem so far,
but I guess you just have to keep on top of it.
What kind of roof do you have?
Uh, we're in, uh, campus apartment buildings with flat top, uh.
Oh, then you don't have to do too much with it
Not too much.
They're just tar and gravel treated flat top roofs.
Uh-huh.
Have you got pretty well pitch on that roof, or is it pretty steep?
Oh, it's pretty steep.
Uh, parts of it are steeper than others.
What do you use to keep from sliding off that rascal?
Well, uh, you wear, uh, shoes with good traction, and, and, and try to remember where you are at all times
Yeah,
I imagine, I imagine.
And remember to yell Geronimo, if all else fails.
Yeah,
yeah,
that would be just too much of a fall for me.
Um, have you been, uh,
was, was the house reasonably new,
or you been doing some remodeling work on it.
It's actually just twelve years old, now.
That's pretty new house yet.
Yeah,
it, uh,
this part of the country,
actually, they say that when the house is, uh, fifteen, it's already old,
but just take good care of it.
Yeah.
Thing is,
we've, uh, the main thing that we've had with this house recently has been some, uh, squirming, I call it, of the foundation.
We're just on a concrete slab, you know
Yeah.
but, uh, the soil right under this is a clay,
and it, uh,
It's settling unevenly?
Well, it, uh, depending on its moisture content, it either swells up or shrinks,
and, uh of course the soil right under the slab retains its moisture a lot longer
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
and so during the dry season you have to water the foundation to keep your foundation from, uh, from, uh, drooping
Uh-huh.
and, uh, but anytime there's a change in the weather, like the temperature, drastic changes in temperature or in, uh, moisture, uh, you get little spider web cracks all around, uh, windows and doors.
Well, that sounds like a lot of fun.
Well, usually what you do is just wait until you think it's stopped,
and then you patch them up
Um. What is it like, uh, stucco walls or,
Uh, well, this is all, uh, it's all drywall
Oh, drywall.
uh, I think, with, uh
Wood framing?
yeah,
right.
Okay.
But, uh, somehow or other that does manage to, uh, show these little cracks.
I don't know quite how that works.
Maybe it isn't drywall.
I don't really know.
they plastered over drywall.
Yeah,
I think it is.
I remember my parents home is drywalled and then they, uh, almost like a small grade stucco type plastering over the drywall to give it a textured sort of a look,
I expect that's what it is,
yeah.
and made for kind of a hard shell on the, on the drywall.
Yeah,
I think that's the way this is done.
Fortunately we haven't had any real big holes in it yet
so I,
Yeah,
that's good.
Yeah.
Yeah,
that would, that would be in terribly, terribly exasperating to have the, the slab floor like that swelling and giving like that.
Yes,
well, the previous owner had a major problem with it, because, uh, oh probably a variety of things.
His neighbor used,
