return anything.
Well,  really,  the only things that I have returned have not been faulty,
it's been because of the size or  some  problem like that.
Right.
I really haven't had to return things because they didn't perform the way they were supposed to.
Most the time they have a pretty good guarantee,
yeah.
The only thing I've had lately is, uh, my kids got all these Barbie kind of toys for, uh, Christmas
and, uh, it takes them less than a day
and they're broken in one way or another.
But I don't know if that's just kids, or if that's, uh,
maybe those type of products should be for older kids
Uh-huh.
What age are your children?
I have a five and a half and a three and a half year old that play with them
Uh-huh
And, uh, I don't think they're unduly rough,
but maybe they are.
I don't know.
But, uh, a lot of the little Barbie sets they come with real little pieces
and they're easily lost and easily broken
but,
Uh-huh.
Well,  my daughter is twenty-one now,
so it's been a while since we've had  Barbie things
It's been a while since they've, uh,  gone through the Barbie stuff  .
But we  did have Barbies, we did have Barbies and things,
and there
seems to me that that became a craze when she was already, oh, like, you know, third, fourth, fifth grade.
Right.
So she wasn't in it for very long before she was out of it,
but, uh, I don't remember her  breaking a lot of stuff.
Don't remember her  breaking, uh,
No,
I don't.
But I also don't remember lots of little pieces
They've got so many different things with it now.
Well, that's one thing they've got.
They've  got every type of imaginable,
camping on the beach, and all of these come with, oh, like tiny, tiny little plates and little sunglasses.
And, uh
Goodness.
my  three and a half year old has wanted this Ken doll,
and so I finally got her a Ken doll,
and, uh, less than a week later the arm was broken.
Oh, dear.
But they were real good about replacing it.
That's one nice thing, is they're real good about replacing it.
Well, uh, I guess if they'll replace them, then they assume they shouldn't have broken.
Right.
Well, the, the, you know, those little arms are supposed to twist almost any  way
and
Any direction.
she's not that strong, that I  would  she's not that big of a girl that I think could really take a grip on it like a bigger kid could, you know.
Uh-huh.
Right.
Yeah.
The main thing that they've, they had when my daughter was playing with Barbies was just clothes.
Yes.
You know, that was about it.
That was about it.
Uh-huh.
And the Barbie doll itself is usually pretty durable and that kind of stuff
but,
And the main thing my kids seem to be into nowadays are electronics.
My, my children are twenty-one and twenty-five and twenty-eight.
Oh, is that right?
Uh-huh
and,
Well,  do you see that there's a big problem with electronic things?
No,
not really.
We, uh, haven't had that much, you know, problem with things that we have bought.
They seem to, to last.
In fact, when they offer us extended warranties, we, we don't buy them  because we've,
Don't  buy them because you don't need them.
Yes.
And, uh, it seems like it's just a, an added tack on.
Plus a lot of the credit cards now, you know, will guarantee,
if you purchase on your credit card  you know,  then they put an extended warranty on it if it doesn't work or if you have a problem with it in a certain period of time,
Oh, yeah.  .
so it  seems  like it's a waste of money.
Yes.
Well, you almost assume if you're going to have problems with it, it's usually before that warranty would expire
any,
the first one.
Uh-huh.
And like I've even bought, on a recliner once I bought, you know, a, a, an extended warranty for cleaning and stuff like that,
and I never used it.
You never even needed it.
And so it seems ridiculous.
And like washers and dryers and things like that, I've never had one go out.
In fact, they usually,
when they do go out, it's either something my husband can buy the part and fix
and we don't even have a repairman come,
or it means it's old enough that it's time to replace  the whole thing.
It's time to  replace it.
Uh-huh.
Yes.
So, I  mean,
I  think these extended warranties are gimmicks, really.
I do too.
A lot of it.
We bought, when we first married, we bought one on our T V
and that there's,
it was a five year, after the first five years,
and it was ridiculous.
Uh-huh.
And they charge you a pretty good price for them  too.
Yes.
They're a pretty healthy price,
and you're trying to think oh, maybe I'll need this.
You never, you always think gosh, if I say no, then I won't, you know.
Uh-huh.
But,
Well,  my husband  finally just put his foot down
I don't know.
and he said we're not going to buy any of these anymore,
and if it goes out, well  you know.
You  probably  got your worth out of it anyway.
Uh-huh,
and, uh, so we really have been fairly happy with things,
but now we take good care of things
and we don't, uh, run out and buy a lot of, of things either.
And since our kids aren't little anymore, I'm not buying a lot of those little things  that can get broken.
Yes,
the little,
well, you probably are real careful of the brands you buy
and the, when you do buy things, you probably watch what kind of,  type of .
Well,  you look at the consumer guide.
Yes.
And,  uh, you go around
and you look at the different ones and find the ones that have the,
