Hi.
Well, what do you think?
Well, providing universal health care insurance for the whole country is a pretty big task
and I, uh, personally, I don't approve of it for two reasons.
Number one is that I think that, uh, the federal government has a problem with the deficit right now,
and if they were to administer this, they would, uh, get us more and more into debt, further than we can ever get out ourselves.
Number two I think that the quality of health care would go down because the competition would, would be dried up
and really no one would be, would only answer to, to the government to a big bureaucratic mess.
And, uh, I've seen what it has done in other countries
and so I don't think, uh, I don't think we should head in that direction.
Although that we have problems right now
and I do agree that they exist
because health care insurance for, for everyone is skyrocketing
and it's become to a point where basically no one can afford it anymore.
Uh-huh.
How do you feel about the whole ordeal?
Well, I agree that it's a big task,
but I think that, I think that the U S should move toward some kind of national health care plan. At least as a long term kind of goal.
Uh-huh.
And possibly, just starting with more regulation of health insurance and that sort of thing,
but I think that ultimately it would be a good idea to, uh,
and not have a completely socialized, medical system in the country, maybe something about halfway between that and what we have now.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
It, uh, just because it seems that, uh, health insurance costs are sky rocketing, well, as fast as the national deficit perhaps
Oh, yeah.
and so that,
and  that's a   that's a  vicious cycle, of course.
But what,
What you're  Yeah,
so what  you're  saying though, is instead of having the national government, uh, government administer, giving health insurance to every man, woman and child with, throughout the whole company, you see more of them as regulating the high costs, uh, that people are forced to pay for it right now.
Because,
Is that is that correct,
Um,
or do you think that,
Well, I, uh, well, I wouldn't exclude the possibility of the government actually administrating it ultimately.
I don't think that that would necessarily be such a bad idea.
And, uh
Well, with the, with the costs as they are right now, do you think that the government, uh,
because what that would require is for us to pay, uh, more taxes
and the, the the people that can afford taxes, the middle income and the upper income will be paying more taxes to, to pay for health insurance for everyone, whereas right now the, the public themselves get health insurance
Right.
and they provide their own health insurance.
The, well, as it is now, the middle and upper classes are paying more than their share for the health care of the whole country because they're the only people that can afford health insurance
and so that the other people have no health insurance
and, you know, they'll get medical care anyway at least in emergencies
and somebody winds up paying for that
and basically the people paying for it are the people who are buying health insurance
so I don't see that anything, that this situation would get any worse.
That way it might get better.
You think it might get better, huh?
I, I kind of disagree
Uh-huh.
The reason being is, uh, we have,
I don't know,
I guess it's my, my fear of the national government and also because the bureaucratic rules that it would take to administer it
Uh-huh.
and, uh, the, the health insurance companies right now pretty much regulate and are pretty picky and, and, uh, don't allow cases where they might throw them out of business, whereas the federal government if they took over everything, they wouldn't care because they'll never go out of business.
People would still have to pay taxes,
the money would have to come from somewhere
and so you'd
I, I feel that the cost would increase dramatically also.
But in the same sense the, the care and the, the attitude of the doctors and the professionals within the medical, uh, field would, would diminish.
Uh-huh.
Uh,
Yeah,
well, I think,
