Okay,
you got any hobbies that you want to talk about?
Well, I, uh, don't seem to have as much spare time as I used to,
but, I guess I'll have to say my computer has probably taken the place of most of my hobbies.
What in the world do you do with your computer that takes so much time?
Well, I sit and design cards
Oh, really?
and, uh, oh, I, I'm really into graphics,
so, it, it just, I sit and learn new programs
and I play
and I do this,
and I do that
and, I'm, I'm starting a side business in desk top publishing
Did you have, uh, your own business
or you do that as, just on the side, or what?
Uh-huh.
and, uh, it's just getting going.
I, I'm teaching in the daytime
Well.
and, uh, I teach business and computer technology.
What do you teach?
Oh, that's good.
Well, I guess
It's, uh, to high school kids, it's, uh, alternative learning
Uh-huh.
and, uh, it's, it's really a challenge,
but. What hobbies do you have?
Well, I, uh, play trombone in the Plano Community Band.
Ooh, neat.
And I, uh, like to do a lot of bicycling when the weather allows, and during summer when there's daylight savings time's when I get out and bike.
Well, I hope you all had as pretty a day today as we did.
Well, it wasn't too bad, other than the Cowboys didn't do so hot.
Oh, well now, yes
I don't think you can blame the weather on that.
We had.
No,
just a crummy, well, actually
the Lions are pretty good, I'm afraid, they a lot better team than the Cowboys were today.
And, uh, .
On any given day, they say.
Uh, I haven't, I haven't played in a while, but I do, when I get time and it's pretty weather and it's summer I like to play golf.
Oh, okay.
I, I play that about six times a year
and every year I hang my bag up if I get that five or six
and I swear, swear that game off for another year,
but I always go back to it
Oh, I, uh, oh, I take spells,
I'm, I'm kind of a compulsive obsessive person
and when I start something, I, I go into it a thousand percent
I  understand that.
and then I get,  I get burned out on it.
But, uh, I do some counted cross-stitch and some painting on shirts.
Well, you do lots of stuff.
Well, it doesn't seem like I get anything done,
but I guess I do
and, I, I like to bake.
It's just me in the house,
so, when I bake it's usually to take out for something.
Gosh,
I come up there I'll have to stop by and have, try some of your baking.
Well.
I call on people in .
My business is, uh, machine tool sales,
and I have some,
I, I cover Texas and Oklahoma.
Oh, okay.
So, I, what I said that I wasn't being real facetious about that.
I got customers in Oklahoma City and Tulsa and  Perry, Oklahoma  and Eda and all that, all that way.
Oh, how neat.
So you do quite a bit of traveling then.
Yes,
yes.
I,
about thirty-three thousand miles a year.
So.
Ooh, well that doesn't leave a lot of time for hobbies,
does it?
Well, I usually,
see, we, we have our, our band practice is on Monday night,
and during the summer we, uh, we have concerts every Monday night in the park,
and, uh, we, we have, you know, some concerts during the year,
and, you know, various people in the communities want us to play for things,
but those are usually on the weekend,
so that isn't too bad.
How big is your band?
Well, we got, uh, pretty good size band.
Not everybody shows up,
but if everyone did we'd probably have over a hundred
but we only average about forty to fifty people a, you know, usually.
Ooh.
Well, that's still a pretty good size band.
Yeah.
It's not like there are four or five of you there.
Oh, no,
no.
This is a,
it's a concert band,
and, uh, we have a lot of,
I, I don't pretend to be that good,
but there's a lot of people that, uh, you know, are band directors at schools, or have been,
or, uh, you know, there some people that are actually music majors.
They don't necessarily follow that any more, you know,
that isn't necessarily their career,
but, uh, we have some extremely good talent in there,
and, uh, as a rule, it sounds pretty decent,
so
It's fun.
I, I have absolutely no musical ability whatsoever,
and I'm always very envious of people who do.
Well, I don't know if I have any or not.
I, I've always enjoyed it.
I sing in a church choir on Wednesday nights when I'm around, and play in the band on Monday nights, and keeps you out of trouble that way.
Well, I'm probably one of the few people that the,
