Uh, we have a Sheltie Collie, a miniature Sheltie.
Do you?
Yeah.
It's about, oh, about six months old,
and we're
we live in an apartment,
so, we don't have a yard,
so it has to stay inside
and we're having a difficult time trying to train it.
How old is it?
It's about six months.
Uh, you, you're, you're in the roughest stages of  pet  ownership, I think.
Really?
But they're supposed to be real intelligent dogs,
but I guess every one, one one, one of them, or every once in a while, you get one that's not so intelligent because this one, it.
Well. I don't, I don't know if that has anything to do with the intelligence, really, the, the, the training bit, uh.
I've had dogs through the years.
Right now I've got two, and three cats,
but, uh, and my son and daughter-in-law have kind of a Sheltie mix,
and we watched it this summer for two to three months,
and it wasn't trained quite fully either
Uh-huh.
and, uh, but it was a sweet and an intelligent dog.
Yeah,
so how'd you all, how do you,
what's the best method?
I don't know.
I, I'm old fashioned,
and when I got my, my dogs, when they, when they did something I hollered at them and threw them outside.
Right.
They say that's not the way to do it now.
You're just supposed to
Stand outside with them  until they.
No,
just, just, put them outside, I guess. Unless you catch them in the act.
Well, we're hardly ever at home,
so it's kind of difficult,
Yeah.
and, you know, you don't want to, you don't want to spank it or scare it, or anything like that,
so.
No,
no,
you don't want to do that,
but, uh.
Yeah,
we, we try to take it, you know,
it gets, it gets frustrating when you take it outside
and, you know  and then it runs right  inside
Does, does it just want to sniff around?
Does it just want to sniff around and play when it's outside?
Yeah,
a lot of times,
and you know, it won't it's little job outside
Yeah.
and it comes inside.
Have you praised  it and given it a treat maybe when it does something outside?
Uh, yeah,
we've tried that,
and, uh, you know, there's certain spots in the house where he likes to go,
Yeah.
so, and he chews on plants and all that,
but, you know, that's  natural  for a little puppy.  Huh?
That's nothing,  huh.
Well,  it, it, it'll, it'll catch on pretty soon, I'll, I'll bet you.
I, I have a sixteen year old, almost sixteen year old Golden Retriever,
and she's gone the other way,
because she's so old, she doesn't have much control
Oh, really.
so we're battling with that problem
Oh, that's sad.
and she still feels good.
Uh, she can't hear worth a darn or see very well,
but she's got a great appetite,
and she knows we're there, by smell.
How old is it?
She'll be sixteen in May.
Man that's sad.
And yeah,
but we can't bear to do anything because she's been our friend for all these years,
Oh, of course not.
so we're putting up with all her accidents,
I couldn't.
and the
two nights ago, she had diarrhea,
and so that was a bad one.
But, uh, I think we're buying a carpet shampooer this weekend
That is really sad.
What, what's the deal,
we, we try to, we're trying to take it on walks now, you know
Uh-huh.
and we can't because it's not accustomed to being on a leash
Yeah.
and so it, I mean this dog really feels like it's being killed or something when you try to, you know, tug on it to walk it.
I mean, it just goes like a mad dog,
I mean it just jumps up and down and starts  yapping,
and  it's, you know, I mean, it's not even close to even being trained on a leash.
Does it,  oh.
Uh-huh.
You know, maybe you you can get it signed up this spring or summer for some of the dog obedience classes.
Uh-huh.
Well, we've heard bad, we've heard some bad things about some of those, you know,
they sometimes misuse their license or whatever you know,
Oh.
they treat them bad.
Well, you know, we went, we went to the junior college, Richland
Oh, really?
and we took,
my, my daughter was living at home then,
and she took our Golden Retriever, oh, not the Golden Retriever, the Norwegian Elk Hound over there
Oh, really?
and, it, it, it's a pretty good class,
and they did pretty good, except this dog is,
she's just pretty,
she's not smart
Uh-huh.
So, she didn't learn a lot,
but it, I think it calmed her down a little bit,
and she's used to being around other dogs now.
How long did it take?
I think it was like a six week program.
Every, what?
Uh, I think it was one night a week for like six weeks,
Oh, really?
and, uh, you know, it was a group class, outside.
It was fairly reasonable, too.
Well, Sheltie Collies are, you know, timid,
and they don't really,
unless they get used to something, they're really nervous
and.
Yeah,
they're, they're usually, a high-strung dog aren't they?
Yeah,
yeah,
and, uh, if they're not accustomed to something, they, they're really scared.
So.
Um, our, our friend has a,
