Okay, uh,
what kind of hobbies do you have Lori?
Uh, I guess, I, uh, I like to play golf.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, I also like to plant flowers and do do some gardening and do arts and crafts.
Uh-huh.
Where do you play golf in this area?
Well, we live, uh, pretty close, to the Mesquite Golf Course.
Uh-huh.
So, we will play either out there or at Firewheel.
That is usually where we play,
but I have played you know different courses in in the Dallas area.
Do you, uh, do you ride or do you pull a cart when you play golf?
Uh, both
Oh.
Not at the same time.
I was going to say, that could be difficult
No, sometimes we ride
and sometimes, uh, we, pull,
we like to, to, uh, a lot of the times just walk, uh, for the exercise.
But
Uh-huh.
I find that when I ride in a cart, I play better
and I think it is cause I don't get as tired
I think that might be true.
Yeah.
I don't like pulling a cart on Firewell golf course because they want you to pull the cart on the path.
I know,
and that makes me so mad
You know, it is like it is not going to do that much damage to the course, but apparently they think differently
That is the reason, I don't play over there.
Yeah.
I like the course, but I don't play over there because, you, they don't, uh, you know don't allow you to pull a cart.
Right.
And, I don't think a cart damages the turf.
Right.
Well, the reason why we play over there is because its where, since we are a Garland resident, they gave us a special deal where you can get, uh, ten rounds of golf for a hundred dollars,
yeah,
a hundred dollars
cause it is half price what the normal green fees are.
Uh-huh.
So that is why we you know play over there
cause we have got our card
Well, I guess I could use a card too.
I live, uh, very near, uh, very close to the Firewheel Golf Course.
Oh, do you?
So you live in Garland then.
Yes,
I live in northwest Garland.
Right up there near the golf course.
Okay,
well we are in south Garland,
but yeah, next time you go, uh, you know, check into it,
they have, uh,
it is just like, uh, a bus card
and they just punch it. You know,
it has got one through ten on it
and every time you go they just punch it for you.
Well, in the last two years, I have not played very much golf because I am involved in Boy Scouts.
Oh, okay.
So, I have, uh, I have,  uh, I have children  Boy Scout age.
You must have a, a son.
I have two boys that are boy scout age,
and, uh, so I am very active in Boy Scouts
Oh, okay.
so I would have to say that camping and hiking and canoeing and Boy Scouts is my hobby.
Yeah.
But I
Oh  well that sounds like fun too
but my golf clubs will probably rust before I get to use them again
because my boys are still right at the beginning age
and it is probably going to be six to eight years before they go to college.
Uh-huh.
Well, you need to, uh, teach them how to play and take them out on the course with you
That's right.
Lessons are expensive though.
Oh, yeah.
Well you can teach them
Well, they would probably never make it then
because I don't think, uh,
I only took lessons for golf when I was in college.
Uh-huh.
Uh, as a course for P E you know so I could graduate.
Right,
Right.
Uh-huh.
But, uh, that is the only time I think I have ever really taken golf lessons
and that was kind of a group scenario and not individual.
Uh-huh.
Right.
Right.
I took one lesson one other time.
Besides that, uh, I just, uh, try to make the club hit the ball.
Right.
Yeah,
I know what you mean
I don't want to play strike out, you know.
Uh-huh.
But I have fun doing it,
some, uh, you know, I have some good shots and some bad shots.
Oh yeah.
It, it is just nice to get outdoors and do something.
So you said you work, uh, in the gardens too.
Do you have, uh, a special  flowers?
Well  flower gardens.
I like to have,
matter of fact this past weekend I just got finished planting a bunch of tulips and daffodil bulbs.
So, those ought to be coming up around spring time
My wife had, uh, just put in a bunch of, I want to say, they are pansies.
Uh-huh.
She put them in like two months ago cause they are winter plants.
Right.
And they have been,
we thought even with all the cold weather weather we have had they have been blooming just fine.
Oh, they do great.
I put mine in probably in November.
That is when she did, I think.
Yeah,
I think it was November
and I don't do anything to mine, water them or anything
And they just,
they do really good
and I even had, uh, I guess it was last year or the year before, I had some out
and it froze
and the pansies looked terrible, but they came back later.
I didn't do anything to them
so they are, uh, they are good to plant in the winter time.
They last for a long time then.
So, if you start putting them, you know, you can put them out in the spring too,
but once it starts getting real hot then it just kills them cause they can't stand the hot weather.
Uh-huh.
Do they survive longer if you plant them in the winter time?
Will they make it through the summer sun?
No,
they won't make it through the summer because it gets too hot,
but they make it through probably winter and spring.
So,
Well.
Yeah,
I have got some of those too,
cause I love flowers
Well, that is good.
Yeah.
And I do, I try to do some arts and crafts
and I love to go,
