Did you hear our topic?
It's in regards to discussing homes.
Homes,
yes, sir,
uh-huh.
What are, are you settled in a place?
Yeah,
I'm settled in a place.
I've been in it for twelve years, since nineteen, uh, actually thirteen years, since nineteen seventy-eight
and it's in Richardson, Texas, which is north Texas or north Dallas.
Right
Uh-huh.
And we've lived in two houses in Richardson.
We moved here in seventy-four and, uh, changed locations in seventy-eight.
Okay.
How about yourself?
Well, we, uh, left here in seventy-six.
Uh, we were here for a few years,
then we, uh, have come back just this summer.
Right now we're looking for housing, uh, somewhere down in the Duncanville and Cedar Hill area.
Are you familiar with that?
Yeah,
it's a nice area.
Yeah,
it is.
The kids are in school here in Duncanville.
We're in a temporary place right now
and, uh, so they've enjoyed the school,
so we're kind of trying to stay here
but,
Are you finding it tough trying to find what you want
or,
Well, what, the problem we got is that we've got five children
Oh, boy.
and so, uh, we really want four or five bedroom house
and, uh, you know, everybody says, you know, how many houses are on the market and all that kind of thing
right.
so we, uh, we look at the paper,
we look at our, talk to our realtor
and you can cut, you know, the listings, uh, in about a third when you go from three to four bedrooms you know, or five.
Sure.
Are you looking
or you settled,
I mean,
No,
we're settled
and, uh we're, uh,
having,
I'm probably older than you,
I'm fifty-two,
but anyway, I, my youngest is getting married this year graduating college,
Oh, great.
so I can board up their rooms, and look forward to retirement maybe.
That empty nest syndrome is going to set in, I guess.
Oh, gosh,
so, we're looking forward to retiring in about three years and maybe relocating to Florida or somewhere. Closer, closer to our families.
Great.
Okay.
Okay,
you, are you from Florida originally?
No,
from West Virginia
but everyone's, uh, my wife's parents are from the New York, New Jersey area
Yeah
so, but everyone seems, uh, has seem to relocated down that area.
Oh, yeah.
Seems like a nice place to go
Yeah,
yeah.
We've got five
and the oldest is, uh, ninth grade
and the youngest is second grade
and I think they're going to be, uh, with us forever.
I don't know if that's true,
but it's sure, you know, we're not anywhere near looking to, uh, uh, cut down in size.
We're, we're trying to find,
Oh, I understand.
You need very minimum four and probably five.
Oh, yeah.
In fact, six would be real good.
Right.
My wife and I can share a bedroom
It's tough to find a five and six room, bedroom house, isn't it?
Either,
Oh, I don't think it's possible unless you, you know, multimillionaire, something like that.
Oh, I know.
Uh,
Seems like you get in that category, you're in the three hundred thousand dollar homes or whatever
and it's that's an awful lot, you know
Oh, yeah.
Yeah,
it is,
yeah.
Uh, we're having,
actually, if we find something for, uh, I'd say less than a hundred and twenty thousand, we'll be doing all right,  you know.
Right.
That's, uh,
but I think the thing's out there,
it's just a matter of, uh you know, looking you know finding the right place, uh,
Just, Matter of looking,
right.
Lot of people will buy, in your situation will buy a four bedroom house and convert maybe the garage or something or the, or do something.
I had a young lady used to work for me at my office from the high school
and she had, uh, there were seven kids in her family.
Wow.
And they converted the dining room and, did this and that,
but they always seemed to get along fine, you know.
Oh, yeah,
yeah.
I think once we get into a place, it will be just fine,
but you know, it's until then, it's, uh, oh, a little stressful, you know, just looking all the time and that sort of thing.
Oh, sure.
Oh, I know
and it's, there's nothing harder than that.
I always just sort of a, assign my wife that chore,
then I would let her narrow it down to three or four,
then I'd go look because women seem to like to look a lot more than men do.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe that's the case.
At least she's got more opinions, you know,
there's, uh, seems like there's more constraints more things that she thinks about. You know, openness, uh, the size of the kitchen and all this kind of stuff that I would probably gloss over and, maybe even ignore, you know.
Yes.
Why, certainly.
I  understand that.
So.  What kind of business are you in?
I'm in the, uh, sporting goods business.
I'm a manufacturer's rep.
I represent fourteen different hunting and shooting type companies.
Oh, yeah,
great.
What, who are you with?
Uh, we're with an organization called, uh, Wycliff Bible Translators.
Uh-huh.
It's a, a missions organization and, uh, doing, uh, translation, linguistics, that sort of thing.
Well, great.
Uh, it's got an office down here in, uh, in, near Duncanville
and we just moved down to be on staff down here
so.
How, how was the, uh,
you say you lived in the Denver area before?
Right.
How did that compare with this area as far as housing prices?
Uh, we were, uh, really surprised to find that they're higher here.  Uh,
No kidding.
When we moved from Louisiana to Denver, it was astounding, you know, to find that prices were, oh, I guess almost two or three times as high as we'd expected.
And then, uh, to come down here, we thought things would be lower,
and they're not.
I guess, uh, really, prices for housing are just,
