Mike, I'm calling from Dallas, from Richardson.
Oh, okay, great.
I'm in Addison here.
Okay,
well, good.
You know, our subject is on boating and sailing
Right.
and, quite honestly, with the exception of being involved in a part ownership of a little bass boat, I have never really got into sailing or boating.
I do, uh, quite a bit of sailing.
I own a sailboat that I keep it parked up on the scout lot of my scout troop
Oh, do you, well, great.
and we take it out
and we do some teaching of sailing with the scouts,
but I haven't really been taking it out, recreationally too much lately
Well, that's neat.
It's just I don't have a trailer hitch on my car anymore
Right.
so it's hard for me to get it somewhere
but,
I've seen some nice, nice sailboats.
The guy that used to live next to us in Richardson before we moved twelve years ago, or whatever, he had a sailboat, used to park it right in the, uh, driveway
and it seemed, uh,
I think it held probably, uh,
it must have slept four people anyway.
Yeah,
this one is not that big.
It's a day sailer.
It does have a little kind of cabin thing that you can store things in
Right.
but you couldn't really sleep in there unless you sort of stuck your body out the hole, back into the main part of the sailboat.
I I understand.
But, but it's,
they're,
they can be black holes to throw money into
I tell you, Oh, they are,
Boats are kind of expensive to maintain.
and, you know, we have a swimming pool at our house
and I think of all the time, now that my kids are gone and away and married and going to college or whatever, that I put in there, I just could not imagine a boat because I know it's a lot of maintenance.
Especially a bigger one.
Oh, gosh
The bigger they are, if you get a big cabin cruiser or or a big ski boat, power boat, then there's always, uh, stuff to go wrong with it.
yeah.
You bet.
A sailboat at least doesn't have an engine to mess up,
but you still have to worry with the hull and the condition of the sails and spars and rigging, uh, everything that's in it.
Sure.
It takes a, a pretty good amount of maintenance to keep one up it's a lot of fun, I think uh, just from the standpoint of getting away from the dodge here,
You bet.
I know, my wife and I were first married here
aunt and uncle,
aunt and uncle up in New York, they kept a boat on Jamaica Bay
and we used to go out with them and back then they had bought an older Chris Craft
and we were involved every weekend in just, uh,
as we visited, we were involved every weekend in just helping them redo this and refinish that.
We just worked all the time.
But their boat slept about four people plus had a little kitchen.
It was sort of neat.
We,
but I think that was the last time we were really involved,
and that was twenty years ago, or twenty-five years ago.
It is a lot of fun.
and when you work hard and you're under pressure and everything all week long, a boat can be a lot of relaxation, uh, to especially with a group of friends and cook out or camp out or whatever, uh, or a cabin or something, depending on how much you like to rough it.
You bet.
But, but it's, uh
I visited my cousin a couple of years ago, my wife and I
and our daughter and he had a place on Lake of the Ozarks
and he had a boat
and, uh, the I never seen so many boats in all my life.
People actually park their car when they get to their place they're staying, townhouse or condominium, whatever they own
and they, they go boat.
Use the boat for transportation.
I mean they go,
if they want to go to the lounge to have a cocktail, they use the boat.
They just go across the boat and get a, and tie it up and go in, huh
And that was sort of neat.
That, that, that's true, that's exactly how they do it.
They go to dinner that way, go to all the restaurants
and that was sort of a neat setup.
I enjoyed that.
We spent a week with them.
I enjoyed that.
I'm envious, I'm envious of people that have the big boats
That would be fun.
and, uh,
I've just never
I've never moved up to a really big class of sailboat.
Uh, once I get my son into and through with college, he's going to be starting, uh, Rice next year
so he's going off,
but uh, once I get to that stage where I'm not paying for something else and, uh, I don't have to worry about a lot of other scheduling things, where I've actually got the time to go out and enjoy it, uh, I might do something differently.
You bet.
I might just donate my little one to the scout troop and let them, keep it and maybe consider getting a, a better one for me. Uh,
Think,
you think you'd really enjoy it?
Yeah,
I think I would.
Uh, the sailing part of it I like because it's so quiet.
Yeah.
And if you get a big enough one, then you've got a little motor on it also, where if it's light wind, you can still putt around a little bit and have fun.
Oh  I,
Or if,  or if the wind dies, you're not stuck in the, middle of the lake.
I've,
with my little one, I've been out there many times on a calm summer day, where all of a sudden the wind stops
Yeah,
that's great.
and you're just stranded out there trying to pick up what little gusts you can to work your way back in
and and that gets hot and, and wearisome, doing that.
Oh, I know.
And if you if you're a big enough boat to have the little auxiliary motor on there, at least you can kind of drop the sails and putt on back in
And putt putt.
Sure.
Well, that's neat.
But it's fun.
Where do you work?
Who are you with?
I own an insurance agency, a managing general, a wholesaler of insurance, uh out in Addison
Well, good.
and, uh, I'm a scout leader, though,
so I'm, I'm out with,
