Why don't you tell me about your choir.
Oh.
Okay,
well, we, uh, are a group of, uh, musicians that just kind of have, you know, formed out of a desire to sing
and many of the people in the group are very professional in the sense that they, or just real talented I should say.
Uh-huh.
Lot of them are former music teachers or currently teaching. Uh,
others have,
there's one gal that's in the, uh, Plano Community Orchestra. Uh,
just, you know, different backgrounds.
It's been really kind of interesting.
Great.
So,
Uh, I play the piano
Um.
and, uh, I have a four year old who, who has started to play the piano.
He does that, uh, musically, listens
and then he can play, which is kind of interesting.
Oh, yeah.
I think it's because he's always heard music in our home all the, since he was a baby.
Uh-huh.
Uh, my husband and my other son, who's eleven just got through singing in a musical here, in, in the community at Music Man.
Oh, they did?
Yeah,
and that's lots of fun.
How did, How did they get involved in that?
Uh, basically they read in the newspaper that there were open auditions.
It was the Plano Repertory Theatre.
Uh-huh.
And so they went and tried out
and my husband played Harold Hill from the Music Man
and my son played one of the children in a band.
Oh, how fun.
So, yeah,
it was really fun,
and, uh, my son plays the clarinet in his band at school,
and my daughter takes piano lessons, too.
Uh-huh.
But, uh, we just really like music.
It's a, I, I especially like it as an outlet when the T V goes off,
we get the T V off and just have some nice quiet music.
Um, uh-huh,
um.
Yeah,
yeah,
that's nice.
You say have your four year old taking lessons already?
Uh-huh.
And, uh, who do you have her, or him, take it from?
Uh, I have him take from a friend of mine who teaches Suzuki. Which is an auditory type learning experience.
Uh-huh.
You listen to the music and then learn to play it by by hearing the intervals and things like that.
Uh-huh.
I teach, uh, like what is traditionally taught, you know,
you look at the note on the page
and you play what's on the piano,
but he can't learn like that.
He's a delayed child.
He's only about, I guess he's about two and a half in his real understanding of things.
Oh.
And, uh, so when my friend played something on the piano and he played it, uh, with his right hand,
we went, wow
Uh-huh.
we better have him do do something. You know, educationally.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So that was really fun.
Well, because my,
My husband and  I love to go to the musicals downtown, though.
Pardon  me?
So,  my husband and I love to go to the musicals when they come into town into Dallas.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Well, I have an eight and a half year old daughter who's taking piano lessons and started out at the age of just turning five
Um.
because she wanted, you know, she just seemed to enjoy it so much
and now my, my four year old, four and a half year old daughter is, is trying to imitate her older sister and wanting to play
and she actually does some very nice chording just naturally.
She just,
Oh, I think that's great.
So I wasn't sure when to start her.
I didn't want to push her too early, either, but, uh, kind of had a mixed feelings about that scene.
That's really hard I think, because, especially if you start them
and then they get pretty good
and then they get close, ten, you know, eleven or something,
they go, I don't want to do this anymore
and you're like God, I really want you to do it.
Uh-huh
Yeah.
You know.
Yeah.
So sometimes it's hard to, to know exactly when,
but, I don't know,
if she acts like she wants to or says she wants to maybe you could have her take some for a while and see how she likes it.
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
Yeah,
I think she'd like to,
I just don't know if it's really,
knowing from what my daughter has gone through, she's, she learned a lot
and, of course, it was something she had to keep relearning if she ever got away from it.
Uh-huh.
It was something easily forgotten.
So, uh, I don't know if she's any farther ahead than those kids who started when they were eight
or, or should I say seven.
I mean, she's not a gifted pianist in the sense that she's going to excel just naturally.
She does have to really work at it,
but, uh, so,
That's like me.
Yeah,
but, so I'm kind of, you know, just playing with it,
but at this point we're going to kind of wait, I think just more for the financial reasons of it anyway
but,
Well, it can get expensive
Yeah.
that's for sure.
Yeah.
I, my friend is, is very generous in, in letting us have my children, uh, do the Suzuki method without paying a lot out.
Uh-huh.
Oh, that's good.
Yeah,
so it's been good for our family.
Well, as a piano teacher, do you have any feelings for kids who come from a Suzuki method,
have you had any former Suzuki students?
I don't have any Suzuki students. Uh,
I was wondering how,
Something happening to me at Christmas time that, that verified to me that I will
