Well, are you in the market for a new car?
Uh, well, yeah,
I am as a matter of fact.
Well, actually I'm looking for another car,
but, uh, uh, new,
probably not.
Oh.
What sort of requirements to you have for your car?
Uh, sports car.
Uh-huh.
Uh, usually either black or red.
Uh-huh.
And electric windows, and power locks
I see
Now,
Top of, top of the line.
Well, not so much that as it is,
I've had so many times when, uh, uh, you know, I'll have a friend next to me or I see somebody, uh, guy broken down on the side of the road and try to lean over and roll down the window.
Oh.
It is just a real pain,
or, you know, if I'm driving along and there's somebody next to me and, uh, somebody that I know and you try to talk to them it's real difficult to drive, reach over, and try to roll down the window.
Uh-huh.
Right,
right.
And, uh, so, power locks, power windows are just, just things that, uh, just really help a lot
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
What about you?
Well, I guess I'm, uh, more traditional in that I don't like power windows or power locks, because the people that I know who have them always seem to have trouble with them.
Oh.
And, uh, so I don't, I just don't like anything that I can't figure out why it doesn't work
Sure.
And then I want, you know, good, uh, gas mileage
and I want an air bag
and, uh, I guess,
Have you ever had a car with an air bag?
No,
I haven't.
Have you?
No.
Somehow I just think, you know, I like the idea
Well, it, it sure seems to save lives
and
Right.
uh, yeah.
I, actually, I like the anti-lock brakes.
Right,
that's a good idea.
And I have never had a chance to,
I have been in cars that have had them,
but I've never tromped on the brakes to see, uh, you know, on ice or water just to see if they didn't lock up.
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
But, uh, you think you'd buy, uh, an American car or a European or Japanese?
Well, I, actually I don't know a lot about different brands.
I tend to have, you know, my requirements like the last time I bought a car I, I guess I did sort of prefer American
and my requirements were basically, you know, good repair record, good mileage, uh,
and I needed air-conditioning
and, uh, can't remember what my, oh,
I wanted uh, stick shift. And, so I didn't have a whole lot of choice
There was one car in all of the, the metropolitan area that I could find that, you know, was sort of a medium priced car with a stick shift in it.
What was that?
It, it turned out to be a, a Chrysler. Uh Lancer.
Huh,
stick shift,
huh?
Yeah.
Did it have, what, a three speed or a four speed?
No,
a five speed.
And it, basically, it was something that a military guy had ordered and hadn't picked up,
and so it had been on the lot three months
and they were really eager to sell it.
Wow.
So, I guess in this area, at least, you know, if it's not automatic, it doesn't move.
Well, actually, I much prefer a stick shift
and, what, I'm, I'm curious.
I, I know why I love a stick shift.
Why why did you want one?
Well, I just wanted it because, again, I had, I guess traditionally always had a car that had one
and I thought it would be more reliable.
Uh-huh.
Uh,
It's hard to find stick shift cars anymore.
I found that out.
I mean, you know, the people would just sort of look at me like, you must be crazy when I, went in to, and asked and that was a requirement
so,
Huh,
yeah.
So,
No,
I mean most of the sports cars are stick shift.
Well, I'm not even sure all of them are anymore. At least in this area.
Huh.
Not that I was looking for sports cars,
but, now the people I've talked to don't seem to have stick shift.
Huh.
And so why do you like stick shift?
Uh, I guess I, I grew up on it and it's fun.
It's, it's an enjoyable part of driving.
I do feel like I have, uh, more control over the car
Uh-huh.
and it, it, to me, it gives me more, a lot more control in snow and ice and slick conditions.
Uh-huh.
Right.
Uh, it, it does, uh,
I don't know,
it, it's really more fun than anything
else. As long as you're not stuck in heavy traffic, it's fun
Right,
and actually it's probably safer on, you know, at long trips because it keeps you more active.
Yeah,
yeah
So,
Yeah,
uh, of course, I like gadgets and, and, uh, fun things, on the cars, which are all the things, course, the
