Anyway, uh
How about you.
What do you do with your budget?
What do I do,
uh, at the moment it's under chaos.
Uh, right now I'm just, uh,
I, I don't really have a budget per se.
I'm, I, uh, it's called living within your means You know, which means at the moment, paying off the VISA bill and keeping everything else under control and hoping the car doesn't collapse
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
That's true.
Uh, but, uh, no
I don't really have a budget at the moment.
Uh, but I have uh, I have a rough feel for how much money I can afford to spend each month
and then I don't, usually don't exceed that unless I, unless the VISA bill gets out of hand for one reason or another, like if I have car expenses
and then that, then it goes through the moon,
so.
Yeah,
that's sort of a problem.
Yeah,
so uh,  what do
We're trying,  we're trying to, uh,
so far we are in the clear credit wise
but, uh, the other side of it is,
so, not much on that side of it to add to it.
We're trying to think of how to put away some savings and stuff like that
but,
So you can afford to get a house?
Yeah,
we'd like to do that some day.
We have this dream.
Yeah.
But, we don't know how long it will be a dream.
We, we're kind of real, we're real happy that we don't have any debt,
but we're at the same time we're real scared about incurring it in this, uh, economy right now
so we're stepping real careful and trying to see what's the best way to save what, the little bit that we do get, you know, on top of expenses every month.
Yeah.
So, what do you and your husband do?
We're missionaries actually.
Are you really?
Yeah,
uh-huh.
And, uh, it will be easier once we get overseas cause we have, uh, like, uh, uh, support quota
Um.
and it's cheaper to live overseas than it is to live here.
No kidding.
And  it doesn't get switched very easily once you come home.
I see.
So,
Overseas, where would you be going?
Africa,
Nigeria.
Really.
Yeah.
Really.
How long would you be there?
About four years.
We're career
so, we, we go over seas for four years
and then we come back for a year.
We go over four,
we come back for a year.
With, with what Church?
Uh, we're with Wycliff Bible Translators.
Oh yes.
Yes,
So.
I, uh, I know who they are.
They, uh, they have an office, uh, in in Costa Mesa as I recall.
Yeah,
they could very well
and,
There,  there was, uh, you know, there was a fairly large building that that was well that belongs to them.
So, uh, are you, uh, are you, uh, active in translation?
Uh, we will be.
I was over, over four years doing language surveying which is the first step.
You're kind of like the scout that goes ahead of the team and assesses the need.
Uh-huh
And, uh, came home and got married
and we will go back as translators cause we want to raise a family
and it is easier to raise a family as translators.
Well, I always wanted to do translation,
but as long as I was single and foot loose so to speak it's easier.
You know they really need surveyors cause you could, you're free to travel anywhere.
You don't have kids hanging around you and stuff.
True,
true enough.
So, uh, what, what, uh, what languages do you speak besides English, of course?
Well, I have a smattering of about ten different ones,
but there's,
I'm not bilingual in any of them because I kept switching from one area to the other, you know,
since I did you know, complete a survey in one area, I'd switch to the other.
Uh-huh
So I know the greetings in about ten, and how to do market stuff,
but in about, uh, about five I guess, I can do better in it.
And my French is pretty good
but it's, uh, French
so, uh, I'm terrified to speak in, uh in France.
In France.
Yeah,
because they're real snobby about their language
and French is street French
and I just picked it up off the street
and I knew what I was, I knew what I was communicating,
but I didn't know what I was saying.
I never sat there and got a direct translation
and said something here when I came home and French to somebody
and he paled and said, uh, I'm not going to tell you what you said.
So, since then I have refrained from speaking any French
So.
In
Uh,
I don't know what I said to him
but, uh, I didn't ask him either.
Must have been terrible.
The, uh,
was it Henry Macon said that the, the, uh, language was like a man slowly bleeding to death.
So they hemorrhaged him to death without new infusions that will eventually die
and I, it just amazes me that the French don't recognize that.
Free style English is just,
takes on,
