Okay.
Okay,
I thought it was supposed to give a recording,
but anyway, uh, well, I do take care of pretty much all of the stuff for, for my wife and for me
and uh, I, embarrassed to say, it's pretty trivial.
Uh-huh.
All we, all I do is, uh, keep a list of things like debts that are outstanding and every two or three months update that and every once in a while make a list of what we spent that month,
but I doubt I do it more than three times a year.
Uh-huh,
do you use a computer?
And,
No,
I work with them all day,
I'm in computer science,
yet I I do everything on paper
Oh.
Uh-huh.
Uh, I don't even use a calculator for the stuff I'm doing because it's all pretty round numbers.
Yeah,
mine is really simple, because I got all our bills paid off when, uh, he was a Marine,
he went to Saudi Arabia
and while he was gone I got all of our bills paid off,
so really the only bills I have is rent, utilities, insurance you know,
Uh-huh.
so they come in,
I pay them,
and that's it you know,
that's about the extent of it, you know.
Yeah
that,
I don't really have this major budget or anything.
I just really, I'm real thrifty.
I take care of, you know, two children and me and uh, just real careful with the money, you know. What little we have
Uh-huh.
so, that's what I do.
Yes,
it's pretty straightforward.
It's
I can't imagine having to go into real complicated stuff and making you know, fancy budgets.
No.
It seems like if you're getting to that level, you're not in real good control.
Uh-uh.
You know, I mean, I, I, I've never liked credit cards and a lot of debt, you know,
Uh-huh
you buy something on credit
Uh-huh.
and you pay twice as much for it when you get done. You know
Yeah.
so,
Actually, I mean, I like using credit cards for everything, but just paying off the bills because that way it's a record of everything
Uh-huh.
and I don't have to worry about keeping records of anything else because they come in at the end of the month.
I don't have too many, I don't have too many weaknesses,
but I found out a credit card was one of them. You know,
Uh.
it's so much easy, easier, you know, if something's on sale if you're a woman and you're a sale person,
it's like, oh, it's on sale,
let's go grab it, you know
so, uh, and if you don't have the money, then use a credit card,
so, I got rid of them credit cards. You know.
Yeah, I guess if that's if that's a weakness, that's a good thing to do.
Yeah,
that was my weakness
It wasn't bad,
I mean, I didn't have like thousands of dollars, you know, and like that,
just, I just learned that that wasn't for me, you know.
Uh-huh.
Sure.
So, but I, self-employed, you know,
I have my own little cleaning business type thing,
so, uh, I keep,
Do you find trouble keeping the records for taxes and all that
or,
No,
it's not hard,
I just keep it in a notebook and write down what I've made and, uh, you know, what it's going to have to go for that month
and you know, it's not that, not that hard. Not at all.
Uh-huh.
Well, that's good to know.
So, I always do my own income tax, you know.
Yeah.
Do you?
I don't understand the idea of paying somebody to, to do it.
Huh?
It seems like it's absurd the number of people who end up having to pay somebody to do it.
all you got to do is read a book, I mean read the little book they send you fill in the blanks and go.
I,
Yeah,
just the form.
Yeah.
I mean, it seems absurd that people will pay, you know, some bucks just to get someone to,
Yeah,
and a lot of them.
it's dumb
I guess if you had some really complicated stuff,
but I don't,
so, I don't mess with it.
Yeah.
But, I don't use a calculator either, you know
I, I don't trust myself with using a calculator or computer, too much stuff like that because I want to make sure that, that I, I keep on top of the numbers and understand what's going on.
I don't, I don't have that that many, you know, things to add up
so,
I know too many people who use a calculator
if they make a mistake, they find out two months later because they weren't paying attention.
Oh, yeah.
And,  And it seem,
And we have a,
I bank at N C N B here
and they have a number that you can call in,
and I always call in and, like, once every other week or so
and I will, uh, check off what checks have cleared
and,
Yeah.
Do you do that?
We have the same thing.
You do too?
Yeah.
And I always check them off and, you know, check my balance and my book and, you know, because I always want to know exactly what I have, you know.
Sure.
I do that real often.
I do that,
so anyway,
