Do you have any?
Yes,
we do have a pet.
We have a, a dog that we got from the, uh,
well, we call it the S P C A.
It's the, uh, from an animal shelter.
Uh-huh.
Uh, he'd come in there as a stray.
All right.
Uh, he's a Pomeranian and Sheltie cross.
Yeah.
Uh, well, he was very well trained when we got him.
Uh, he's,
Oh, that's good.
You don't often find that,
I don't think.
No, uh,
we suspect that he was hurt in an accident, you know, got away from somebody traveling through, and hurt in an accident because a dog that looks as good as he does and is trained as well is someone that has lost him and not have been able to locate him.
Right.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, if they were local people, they would have been able to find him.
Sure.
There's a,
okay, uh,
that's interesting.
Yeah,
the only pet that I've had, uh,
I'm a, I'm a doctoral student right now
Uh-huh.
and in my, in my earlier days as a student I kind of time shared on a dog with a, a good friend of mine
and, uh, it was an amazing dog,
it really was.
They had, he had gotten it from the pound
and, uh, it, it's a Spanish Pointer named Domino. Kind of looks like a a Dalmatian
Oh, yeah.
Uh-huh.
and we trained it from a pup,
and basically it, right now it, it's fully trained
and it can do a lot of things.
It will get beer for you out of the fridge,
and it will get the newspaper and do all kinds of stuff.
So, it's really, it's, it's kind of a show piece
and whenever anybody comes over, we all have to show him Domino you know .
Oh, I think so.
Yeah,
it's, uh,
she's been a real good, a real good dog
and, uh, just, it's kind of a shame that I'm, I'm I'm away from it now.
I, I I actually live in Florida
Uh-huh
but I'm on an internship up here for a year
and then I go back down,
but, uh,
yeah,
Domino's a real good dog.
Yeah.
Uh, what, uh, possessed you to get the dog?
Well, I guess, in one sense we felt that, it, it's nice to have a dog even though there are, you know, complications come with it.
Yeah.
And then with our children, uh,
at the time they were, oh, grade five and, and grade eight,
so it was an age where it was, uh, we thought it was be good for them to have the discipline that goes with, with having a pet.
Uh-huh.
Sure.
Uh,
Sure learn a bit, learn a little bit of discipline and how to care for it and things like that.
Yeah,
right.
That's good.
That kind of builds some character a little bit.
So ,
Well, that's the idea.
I think the reality of it is, that they perhaps,
uh, it depends on the, on everyone's discipline.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, from that aspect, I'm short on the discipline, because I don't, uh, enforce that the kids look after the dog
and, uh, we've had him about four years now.
Uh-huh.
Uh, but I think it does, it, it, you know,
it's necessary that individuals have the discipline to look after the animal properly, uh,
Yeah,
that's something that's important for sure.
Yeah.
I think, uh, do you live in a, in a, in a fairly rural part of the, uh
Uh,
or,
Actually no,
we live in a, in an area that's, oh, probably about two and a half miles from the university.
Oh, I see.
Uh, we live right, might say we live right in, uh, in the middle of a residential area.
Um.
And, uh, so that is not as good, uh, you know,
this dog, being a small dog it's, uh, more you, more acceptable
Yeah
but again,
it's not that big of a problem.
With Domino, she was full grown,
I would estimate seventy pounds.
Yeah.
And, you know, we lived in Oviedo, which is a small town,
it's a suburb of Orlando
Uh-huh.
but there's not, there wasn't a lot of room for her to run around,
and she was a dog that loved to run,
so that was the biggest problem I saw,
and I think that's one of the, uh, the issues people need to think about before they get a dog is, you know, do you have the room for this dog to run around,
or, you know, I guess you can't really say for cats.
Me and cats don't get along too well, uh
but, you know, that whole space issue, I think, is real important.
Yeah,
it's, uh, that's one of the biggest concerns.
It's like, uh,
there's a lot to be gained from a relationship with an animal,
but the same time, one has to recognize the reality of physical requirements of of the animal
Right.
Yeah,
that, that,
and the larger they are, the more room they need to exercise.
Sure,
and that's all part of of keeping your part of the relationship. You know, showing the maturity and responsibility to recognize those, uh, those issues.
Right.
Well ,
You know, and also, the whole, whole thing with noise.
My mother, oh, she freaks out because she's got neighbors that have dogs, that don't train them
Uh-huh.
and, you know, we we had a neighbor in Nebraska when we lived there that had, uh, Brittany Spaniels
and they're very high strung animals to begin with,
but, uh,
