the one will take,
uh, okay,
let's see,
I guess, uh, I can start.
I'm actually, we're actually trying to find one now because our family's growing.
Are you really?
Yeah.
Uh, so I'm looking at, uh, something larger than what we have.
We've got, like, an eighty-four Charger that's about gone and a, uh, an eighty-nine Horizon.
So,  I'm looking for something, uh, littler  bigger,
Uh-huh,
which are both kind of small.
yeah.
Uh, so we were thinking mini van for a while
and, uh, we're looking at, uh, some just four door, five passenger sedans as well.
Uh-huh.
Are you looking for an American car
or, you open to buying foreign cars?
Uh, I don't really have a preference either way I guess. You know,
Uh-huh.
it's, you know, it,
I guess the American cars had a bad reputation
but I haven't had any real substantial problems with the ones I've had.
Uh-huh.
Right.
Personally, I have a Japanese car right now,
and I really like it a lot.
Uh, I think the Japanese really build good cars
Uh-huh.
and I know that kind of rubs against the grain right now in the whole, uh, you know, buy American, keep American auto workers working right now,
but I feel that the Japanese have really produced a much higher quality product than our, uh, car manufacturers have for a while.
Yeah.
If I were to buy another car, I would be, uh, I would be partial to buying another Japanese car,
but I would also look at American cars,
but when I bought the car that I bought now, I did that also
and I just felt that the Japanese car was a much better product.
Yeah,
I mean, even if it's just details, it seems like, uh they, you know,
So, if I were,
Right.
I
there's a door seal that doesn't quite seal
and you have to take it back every once in a while.
It's clearly just a, a design problem there.
Right,
it is.
Uh, I'm kind of,
right now,
the next car I buy is going to be sort of a sports car.
I would really like to have a sports car.
Uh I don't really, I don't have a family,
so I don't need a, a mini van or such to, uh, haul people around in.
Uh-huh.
So I'm looking for more a, a two passenger car that, uh,
Oh, like a Miata or something like that?
Well, I like the Miata,
but I don't like it enough to buy it.
I would buy something,
actually the, the car that I really like right now is an Eagle Talon, which is an American car.
Um.
But, uh, something along that lines.
Uh, because I have a, an economy car right now, which is okay,
but uh, I think I, I'd like to move on to something a little better.
Yeah.
interesting.
Yeah,
I guess probably the factors we'd use to compare are a little different because I look for, you know, size and safety, and then mileage.
Right.
Probably,
Right.
Uh,
That's,
when I bought the car that I bought, I was looking for mileage,
and I was looking for, uh, dependability and something that was going to last a long time. I was that I would get a, for the money that I was going to spend, that I would get a return that was, that was worth that money.
Yeah.
So,
Yeah
I I think in terms of computer terminology, I look at, you know, price performance and  things like that.  And then a little bit at life expectancy, I guess,
Right,
exactly.
but it, you know depends on what you, what you pay initially.
Yeah.
But, you know I've got a hundred and twenty-five thousand miles on the Charger.
That's right.
Actually it was my wife's car that she brought into the marriage
Uh-huh.
and she got just a commute between Cincinnati and Dayton.
Uh-huh.
It's, you know,
we, we had to replace the friction plate and the transmission at thirty thousand miles,
but uh, the other ninety four thousand have been just fine with it,
Uh-huh.
so, But, uh,
Okay.
Uh, I've had, uh, I've had one or two American cars I think,
and, and they were okay.
I had a Pontiac once
and, and I never had a problem with it,
but, uh, my mother had a Dodge at one point
and I, I had driven it a few times
and I really did not feel that it, that I would buy a Dodge just from,
Um.
well, actually, I had a, uh, a Dodge Omni at one point
Uh-huh.
and that was, I think, what really prejudiced me against American cars was because I did not feel that it was a very quality, uh, car.
Yeah.
So, I guess you'd have to say, if I was looking, I would definitely be looking for a foreign car.
That's interesting.
But,
yeah,
it, it's hard to beat some of the,
uh, like, I guess, in particular, we're looking at a, like a ninety-one Corsica, uh, buy back at a, they say G M sponsored auction,
but I think they're obliged to have these things because Hertz and Avis and those folks have it in their contract that they can sell it back to G M after, you know, it's, after they've used it for six months and put you know, twelve or fifteen thousand miles, on it
Uh-huh.
Right.
and you can get those for like eight thousand bucks if you,
Which is a good deal.
Yeah,
because I guess, uh,
I mean, well, ninety-twos, granted, but the new ones, you know
Uh-huh.
fourteen to sixteen is what they go for on the lot,
Right.
so all the depreciation has been taken off
and, the dealer comes out okay you know,
Yeah
that,
don't what kind of, I don't know what G M corporate, kind of hit the, I don't know what kind of hit they take on it,
but sounds like everybody's had their chance to make their money off it
and So, but, uh, I don't know,
Yeah,
I'm sure they did.
we keep looking at that mini van.
It's just, you know,
we can get a, like a Caravan for, twelve, five
Uh-huh.
Right.
but that's a little bit more than we want to spend right now.
But, uh, uh, it's interesting,
but, uh, I don't know,
if, if, uh, it seems to be,
