So how do you, uh,
so, so, it sounds like you've got a television going on there,
so I can assume that you probably watch the T V news.
Is that,
I almost never watch T V news.
Really?
Wow.
I ,
I get most of my news driving back and forth to work listening to the radio.
Uh, what, what station do you listen to?
Uh, it's a local radio station.
It's called, uh, K L I F, cliff.
Cliff, I see,
so, uh, it's not affiliated with anything, is it.
Not it's not a network station.
No.
No.
Okay,
yeah,
because I, I listen to, uh, public radio a lot
and they have, they have K C R W, which I, I, I saw a thing recently, they may be trying to start their own, uh, cable TV outlet, I guess.
They're getting a little, getting a little feisty now
Well, this has, this station has a lot of just ongoing news
Uh,
and occasionally in the morning, I'll pick up something like, uh, C N N or that,
but I hate watching the, like, ten o'clock news
or,
Yeah,
so you have a paper or something or,
Yeah,
we have a well, we have, uh, DALLAS MORNING NEWS which is the big paper in Dallas.
Uh-huh.
We read, I read it pretty much from cover to cover.
Yeah.
How do you like it?
It's been, it's been a while since I read the Dallas news.
I, uh, fact, last time I read the Dallas, Dallas news I was in Arkansas.
I, uh ,
The TIMES HERALD went out of business here
Oh, yeah?
and so we really only have one Dallas newspaper and one, Fort Worth newspaper.
Well, that must be pretty bad.
So, how did that happen, anyway?
Uh, financial trouble.
No,
not how,
I mean, when did it, when did they ,
Oh, when did it happen?
Yeah.
I guess they closed down about three months ago.
Oh, really.
Um.
So, how do you keep up?
Oh, me, I, uh, good grief, I read the TIMES, LOS ANGELES TIMES.
There's, quite a task if you've ever run into one.
They're, uh
Yes, they're very voluminous.
Yeah,
they're thick.
Uh, if there's something you want to know, it's, it's in the TIMES and then, and in detail. *repair bracketing wrong
Uh, they, uh, we, we used to have two papers here in town
and then the HERALD EXAMINER collapsed about two years ago because of, oh, I don't know, just nobody was buying it really.
So there really is only one major L A now?
Yeah,
pretty much.
Uh, there used to be, fact, I think there still is, the, uh, the DAILY NEWS which runs out of the San Fernando Valley
and, uh, they're not bad as far as a, uh, you know, as far as a local paper goes.
In fact, it was kind of weird, because I met the, uh, I met the, I met the editor, uh, while I was on, uh, while I was doing jury service in Santa Monica one time
It was like we just sat around and talk about newspapers and stuff.
He was a really cool guy. Uh, you know, went to Columbia University and all this stuff.
And, uh it's, it's a pretty good paper,
but, uh, you know, it's not, it's not the TIMES.
Yeah.
Although I, you know, I'm sorry to see some of their, uh,
there's, there's a daily news, uh, news rack right around the corner from where I live, which means that they're, they're expanding, I guess.
But, uh, and occasionally I, I pick up like TIME magazine or something I think, uh, if they've got an interesting lead story,
but you know, it's,
I, I don't have time.
I used to read TIME magazine a lot,
but I don't read it much anymore.
Yeah,
that's, that's kind of a problem for them.
There's a lot of people who fall into that, category.
And then we have a local rag here in town that I pick up periodically and read just to see what's going on in our little community. Because we don't get an awful lot of coverage in the DALLAS MORNING NEWS.
Uh-huh.
I see.
Yeah,
the big dailies don't like to, don't like to step much out of their, uh, out of their home turf,
I have to admit, the TIMES is kind of provincial, too.
It's basically anything that's south of downtown, they don't bother to cover.
Now, they have started here running a three day, or three times a week Plano section.
Uh-huh.
And it's just sort of a, you know, four or five pages that covers what's going on in Plano.
But it's still not an awful lot of news.
Yeah,
I know.
I, uh, it was, it was a big discovery when, when the TIMES, when the TIMES found out there was a place called Orange County
I mean, the way they, I mean, the way they've been handling it before, they practically, they practically acted like their reporters needed to shots to go south of the L A county border
Oh, I would imagine in, uh, you know, in, in Dallas they have plenty happening in Dallas to cover, that it gets hard covering all of the suburbs
and, of course, they tend to cover the county,
and we're not in Dallas county,
so they tend to ignore places outside of the county.
Oh, really?
Yeah,
yeah,
I, I, I find that attitude kind of arrogant, though.
It's like you're taking our money,
but you're not bothering to cover the things that are interesting to us.
Yeah.
