Okay,
so what kind of luck you been having with buying and returning products?
Uh, not too bad really.
Uh, I had a razor that I got from Christmas that I just, I really didn't want it,
but I got it anyway
and, uh, it was a Braun
and they were real good about taking it back.
It wasn't a problem at all,
so, uh, I was able to get that back pretty easily.
Uh-huh.
But, uh, I don't know,
I really haven't returned a whole lot lately.
Have you?
I haven't had to.
It's, uh, the,
every so often,
I mean, I, I, I'm almost pushing it myself.
Maybe I'll buy a shirt from G I Joe's
and it shrinks too much
and say, well, I should have known better,
I mean, I bought it from G I Joe's
Um.
and it was probably made in China by slaves.
Right
But, uh, they, uh,
most of the time pretty careful shopping anyway, I get pretty good stuff.
Yeah.
I think that, uh, aside from the fact all markets being internationalized
Right
like,
and if you want to buy American it takes real extra work to find.
Exactly.
It's probably a Japanese or a Burmese company owning and hiring people in the U S
I was reading,
Right,
I was reading something in, uh, CONSUMER REPORTS tonight about that as a matter of fact.
They were talking about cars, uh, the car issue just came out. And about how, yeah, you'd like to buy an American car maybe
Uh-huh.
but, uh, you know, the transmission may be made in Japan or whatever.
Yeah.
Uh, like I've got an eighty-six Ford Ranger
and, and I know for a fact that the transmission is made by Mitsubishi.
Huh.
You know, so it's like, what are you going to do, you know?
Yeah,
really.
But, uh, that's the way it is.
I don't know,
I, I personally feel that, uh, uh, if the Japanese cars are better and Americans buy them, you know, that's the way it goes
and, you know, people, more than manufacturers should get a clue
and, you know, they should start making quality products.
Yeah,
I think they're beginning to.
The, the days of don't buy a car made on a Monday or a Friday are pretty much going away
and,
That's what I thought, too, until I saw the CONSUMER REPORTS issue.
Uh-huh.
Uh, they've got all the American, well, all the, all the cars rated, you know,
and, uh, essentially, I I don't see much of a trend.
I mean, just like every other time that you look at it, the Honda Accords and the Civics are right up there.
There's nothing wrong with them. Uh, and the same thing with most of the other Japanese cars.
But then again you look at a Ford or especially a Chevy
and they're pieces of junk.
I know.
Still at it, hey.
Yeah,
that's ninety, that's eighty-six through ninety-one.
Wow.
But, uh, I don't know,
maybe they're getting better,
maybe they're starting to get a clue. Uh,
Well, they got a three year lead time.
It probably won't start really showing up until ninety-four or so
Yeah,
that's just it.
Technology that comes in right now is, is probably not going to be implemented until, you know, quite a few years down the road.
But, uh,
The computer industry's where it's really dynamic especially for the consumer.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah,
because technology is so, uh, you know, volatile and changing all the time.
And can you think of any other industry where in software they,
Uh,
if the product is upgraded and a better version is put out, you'll get a free version in the mail .
Yeah.
Or, uh, maybe I say, well, you know, you paid five hundred bucks for this program, so send us twenty and we'll give you a really great upgrade.
Yeah.
It,
uh, they keep up with it pretty quickly
and that's, that's a real good thing, I guess.
Yeah.
Uh, I don't know.
And the hardware, well, I mean, all the chips that make up the hardware are a commodity
and the MacIntosh is about the only one that's going right forcing I B M and the rest of the D O S world to follow along.
Yeah.
Right,
they're kind of the leaders right now, you know.
I used to see all those commercials for Windows, you know,
and you're like, oh, gee, they're reselling a MacIntosh under a different name.
Really,
why don't they just say, almost a Mac for half the price.
Yeah, you know.
They'd sell more if they were honest.
Exactly,
almost is the key word, there, too, you know, because I, I really, I've used both
and I really don't see an advantage of Windows at all.
Yeah, it it's only an advantage for people who had to use pure D O S. base.
Uh,
Yeah, yeah that's true, too.
But, uh, I don't know,
I'm really, I've gotten a little bit out of the, the personal computer business just because I don't have one at home.
I, I do use a Mac at work
but, uh uh, I really don't, don't do much with it at home
Uh-huh.
but, uh,
Apple's sort of making a
and they're ones were
growling consumer, uh, need to worry about the Mac they're getting,
like if you bought a power book straight off, a lot of them had to go back.
They issued a recall because of improper shielding or possibly other problems with floppy drive.
Right.
Uh-huh.
Yeah,
you sound like you must, uh, work in the computer business.
Yeah,
I have one,
I do desktop publishing at work
and I have a machine at home
and I belong to the user's group
and I, I've been a Mac fanatic since they came out.
Yeah?
All right.
But, uh, technically, I'm not actually in the industry.
I don't work a computer company.
No?
I'm an abuser.
Well, that's, that's all right.
But it's sort of like surfing on the wave of future shock to you know, keep up with the changes as they happen.
Yeah,
that's true.
Something that I find uncomfortable is, you know, you, you want to buy something, say you want to buy a personal computer
and you got to think about what kind of memory you want to get and what kind of technology that you want to go for, you know,
let, let's take the example, the modem for, you know,
Yeah.
Okay,
what baud rate do you get?
Well, you know, it used to be that you get a twelve hundred
