The last auto repair I had was
I have a nineteen eighty-four Nissan truck
I had a tune up done
and I had, I had the brakes done on it
and then, the reason I did that was because I don't have a scope
and it has eight spark plugs
and it's hard to, to get get at them
and plus the time on them.
I just don't have time any more.
Uh, as far as maintenance tasks that I do myself, I, I usually change the oil and wash the air filter
and I, I had an occasion to change, to have to change the battery once,
but, the brakes, I was really surprised that the brakes
I wanted,
I do have the background.
I know what needs to be done
and I know that the oil needs, should be changed very regularly and all of the bearings
and the lube, lubrication system needs to be lubricated and
so I, I stay on top of that
but I I wanted my front wheels,
I wanted the bearings packed
and they wanted something like fifteen dollars, uh, a front or something like that
or maybe it was thirty dollars to do it
Just to pack the bearings?
just to pack the bearings,
but what I found is that they had a brake job
and they,
I had them,
the other thing I let them do some times is that I let them go through and let them tell me what, let them do the diagnostics.
That's free,
okay.
And then I can decide whether I want them to do it or whether I can do it, see.
Right.
And they told me that my, my brake pads were gosh, you know, seventy percent still good, you know,
but still it was cheaper in the long run
and uh,
so I just got the the brakes done
and I thought that was a good deal.
And plus
Right.
And they repacked the wheel bearings.
and they repacked the the wheel bearings.
Yeah
but, uh, I've, I've had considerable experience.
I'm, you might say I'm, uh, uh, good back yard mechanic
and I, you know, I took auto shop in high school,
it's been a while back,
but I, I still have a pretty good feel for it,
but one thing I didn't know is that when I was messing around with cars and stuff and most of the cars,
I, I had bigger cars
and the brakes go out fairly rapidly on those
and what I was surprised at is that on my little Nissan I bought the truck with about sixty thousand, I have almost one hundred and ten,
so I drove on those brake pads for, uh, you know, forty-five thousand miles
and there was hardly any wear to them.
So those small little trucks and cars like that, they just the longevity of the brake pads is really good. Exactly,
You know, they've gotten to the point that where they don't weigh very much
and the the surface materials on the pads is so good.
so I, you know, I just did it anyway.
I like to, I like to stay up on it.
You know, like I just kind of stay up on it
and then if you go and like, just about any point, any you know point in time and pull my dip stick and pull it out and look at the oil, the oil is you might say, uh, a white golden brown.
You know, it's not dirty.
I, I, I keep it that way because that's, that is the key to the longevity.
Right.
Well  it sounds like you've had some good experiences with that
So, so how,
Uh-huh.
uh, and my experiences have been kind of contrary to that.
Oh,
oh.
Uh, I, I get a little more involved in the maintenance of my car
and, uh  and in fact I have an eighty-seven Mustang with a three O two in it that I've, uh, beefed up a little bit
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
and one of the things that I did was to change the pulley system on it to use under drive pulleys so that the engine doesn't have to turn the accessories and can use more of the power to the rear wheels
Uh-huh
uh, the only catch was the first set of under drive pulleys that I put on it were, uh, not even cast aluminum.
They were just pressed aluminum.
You're talking about the vibration dampener?
Well, there's three, there's three pulleys that you change.
You change the crank pulley the alternator pulley and, uh, the water pump pulley.
That's the vibration dampener,
yeah.
Okay.
So, when I changed those over, I put on these, these pressed aluminum things
Um.
and, uh, probably about four months ago the water pump decided to go out.
Uh, oh.
So in the process of seizing, the belt spun on the pulley and wore through the water pump pulley almost all the way. But not far enough to notice.
Um.
Uh, oh.
Huh.
So, I was on my way to work one day
and, uh, the water pump pulley split laterally in half.
So there was half a water pump pulley still attached to the water pump
and the other half was kind of dangling off the end of the crank
Uh-huh.
and uh, I,
