So, do you, your privacy being invaded at any time?
Well, uh, one of the things that, uh, that I found to be, uh, an invasion is when I pay for something with a credit card and they ask me to put my telephone number on the, on the, uh, credit card bill.
That  is something that is not required
Well,
Right.
and, in fact, uh, it is actually prohibited
but it doesn't stop many people many people from, uh, from doing it.
And it's one of the things that it's used for, primarily, is for demographic, uh, research.
And to get your, your phone number on, uh, uh, lists for phone solicitations.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Now that you can still, yeah,
I've always done that.
I started,
once I found out that that's really not necessary or legal then I just refuse
and I say what are you going to do.
You going to say you don't want to sell me this product  then  that's fine.
Uh-huh.
I'll just buy it somewhere else or not buy it at all.
And then, ultimately, they say, no
you don't have to put it down
But, uh, really it's part of this compliance thing.
Uh-huh.
Uh, the thing I don't like,
I know that certain states actually sell their, uh, their lists like, uh, motor vehicles.
Uh-huh.
That really burns me because, hey, you're required.
You have to do that.
Right.
And nowhere does it say you asks you whether you have permission or not to sell your name or information regarding that to anyone.
Uh-huh.
And I think that, it, it's one thing to, uh, voluntarily give it because someone asks.
You can always refuse
but it's another thing where it's required by law
and then they go ahead and take that information and sell it to somebody.  You know,
Right.
Uh, That,
I don't think, I don't think they have the right to do that.
I agree with you there.
That's something that, uh, people have seen.
Oh, here's an easy way to make some money.
But, uh, I don't know if that's been challenged in the courts or not.
I, I've heard, fairly recently, uh, some talk about that in this, in, in my state.
Uh, the budget problems up here are, are pretty tense.
And people are looking for alternate ways of, uh,
enhancing revenue is the, uh, phrase they use.
And they were talking about selling the D M V lists
and there was a lot of, uh, a lot of, uh, consternation about that
and the last I heard they'd backed down from that idea.
But it really makes you wonder what other lists you're own that have been made, uh, public that you, don't know about.
Well, that's easy.
Whenever you donate money to someone?
Uh-huh.
They, you become, put on something like a sucker list
and you start getting millions of calls or solicitations.
Right.
And then you
it kind of makes you feel from doing it again.
Uh-huh.
Like, uh, National Public Radio or any of these, the public, uh, stations, you know.
Uh-huh.
I, I, I, I think I sent in, in money for, once to, uh, to public, uh, T V.
Uh-huh.
And I started getting calls from all sorts of diseases and syndromes and everything you could imagine.
Huh.
I,
it's like
and it just started soon after I had done that one.
Right.
And I just said this is, this is terrible
Uh, and that's also happened to me where I've given money to my old Alma Mater in college.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, it's one thing,
they don't sell the list.
But the thing that makes me mad is, uh, then they start getting, uh, other people,
the people do these phonathons
Right.
and they call you up
and they actually happen to be people who are, graduated in your class or something like that.
And, and they say, oh, we, we know you.
You, uh, had, uh, contributed x amount last year.
Can you do better this year?
And, you know, like hold on here.
How do you know that?
Who, how do you know that?
Why, why you even telling me this?
Is it any of your business?
I mean, it's one thing that I, and the college knows that
that's, just our business.
There's no need for  someone  who is soliciting should know at all.
Uh-huh.
Just, uh,
and that was very offensive too.
I,
and so very
Last year, the, uh, Lotus Development Company, the, uh company that puts out One, Two, Three was planning on marketing a, uh, C D Rom with people's names sorted by number of different criteria.
Uh-huh.
Right
