Uh, why don't you go ahead first.
Okay.
Uh, short term, uh, it works out pretty well because we have just enough to cover expenses with a little left over
so budgeting in the short term isn't too much of an issue because there's not that much, uh extra to go around.
Sure.
Uh, long term is something we're starting to think about because our older child will be ready for college in about, uh, gee,
she's eight now
so I guess about ten years.
Uh-huh.
Good heavens.
So we're, we're starting to think about long term considerations. College and retirement.
But with not a whole lot of discretionary money, it's kind of hard to figure out how to do it.
Sure.
How about you?
That's kind of, uh,
to what we're doing is budgeting, you know.
Month to month is, uh, kind of taking into consideration what the bills are and what's extra
so that's kind of how we do it, uh, from month to month depending on what insurance is due or whatever.
Uh-huh.
Uh, long term, that's a little bit easier for us because, uh, with our jobs we can take out extra money towards savings, Four Oh One K plans uh, that kind of, you know, retirement plans, that kind of stuff
Uh-huh.
so we can kind of put aside some money that actually is better for us not to see  versus  when it's on the paycheck
Right.
and you have to try and take out some of that money.
You always find something a little extra that you'd like to get that month
so, uh, long term probably is a little bit better than short term simply because, uh, it's automatically taken out.
So, uh, that works out much better for us,
so that's kind of how we do it anyway
but,
And  the old, uh, if you can't see it, then you can't spend it,  uh, idea
exactly
and if you can't touch it, you can't spend it either.
So that kind of works out where you get into, uh, some plans that, you know, you touch it you're going to get a penalty, that kind of thing,
so it leads you to kind of say well I'm not going to take it out.
I'm going to keep it and, uh, keep it in there and let it grow so that someway, maybe for retirement you're going to have that money   left.
Let's hope anyway,
so  you'll  have that
Right.
so that's kind of how we do it.
But ours is more like month to month too, uh,
short term is, to get things going
so. Anyway, other than that, uh, is kind of how we do it
so.  I don't  know if we're, our time is up or what
Uh-huh.
Uh, they'll, uh
They'll let us know
Yeah,
exactly.
We, we actually do have some money in a Four Oh One K.
I just wish I could afford to, uh, put more away each week because I agree that it's a, an excellent way,
Uh-huh.
Oh, definitely,
definitely.
And, uh, it grows, uh,
it, it seems like at first you're not going to see a big return
but as the years go on, if you're with the company for any length of time then it gets much better
and, uh, so, you know, you just have to kind of look at it that way
and there's other savings plans or other things that you can do.
Automatic, you know, deposit from checks to where you don't see it.
Right.
And, uh, you know, exactly whatever is in our checking account is basically just about what gets spent.
Yeah.
It's put into our savings account
and we don't see it,
then it works out to where, you know, you don't look at it,
you just look at the checking account, and say this is what we have for money
and that's it,
so
Yeah,
checking account's a very dangerous place for money to be I'm convinced.
Yeah,
it, it's easy because you do spend it,
that's for sure.
Like I said, you know, you kind of look at it, uh,
you better have some other way of, uh, savings,
otherwise, uh, checking accounts aren't the best for, you know, long term type of planning,
so. And you don't get a good return on it anyway,
so,  other,
Yeah,
I guess there, other than things like the stock market or mutual funds, there's really not much of a return on anything these days.
Exactly.
Right now.
Yeah,
it's a bad time,  you know.
Yeah,
the  interest is so low.
I mean it, it's nice for people buying homes
but for older people who have money in C D or whatever, it must be awfully hard to see rates go down to three and a half  percent or whatever.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Exactly,
exactly.
You know, we have some in-laws, uh, that, uh, had theirs in some money market certificates and other things and, uh, kind of took them out of that because they got so low
but, uh,
yeah,
it's, it drops
so your better bet is to, uh, try to get in with something with your corporation if they have some kind of, uh, savings plans or something like that to where they kind of match the percentage or whatever so or some kind of profit sharing
so.
Yeah,
I'm, I'm with a small company now
and I hope that, uh, if we're successful that they'll go in for some sort of profit sharing
Sure.
that'll be very nice.
Yeah,
that's great,
yeah
Okay.
Well I guess we're kind of running out of steam on this  topic here.
Yeah,
exactly
