How many children do you have now?
Well I have five.
You have five?
Right.
Well you do have a hard time finding time  then don't you?
Well,  five are, I mean four of them are grown,
they're in college or just out of college
so I really have just a thirteen year old at home.
Uh-huh.
You sound so young.
Well, I work at it
All right
To have them, uh,
I try to fool everybody
I think you're doing a good job.
I just  have one child.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, I don't think, uh,
well there's not much I can do about it.
My, my wife and I are, in our forties, you know,
so, uh
Uh-huh.
but it's hard to raise one child without them thinking they're the, they're the pivot point of the universe.
I think you are right
because I was an only child too.
And that's one reason I have so many because I really, I enjoy the big family.
Yeah.
And my thirteen year old is pretty separate from her brother and sisters
and so she is sort of like an only child
and it's the same type of thing,  uh,
Uh-huh.
I have a younger brother like that.
I'm in my forties, like I say
and I have a brother in his twenties.
Uh-huh.
And I was, I was the youngest.
Yeah.
So I understand how that worked.
And he was treated like he had five fathers  or something.
Right.
That's exactly how it is, you know.
She's got all these sisters and her brother to take care of her.
When things don't go right, she just calls one of them, you know.
Yeah.
But, uh, yeah,
it, it's a little bit difficult, though.
I think it was easier when they all had each other and could entertain each other and I was home more.
And,
Did  you all do a lot of organized things like, uh, Little League, uh,  soccer?
We,  we really did not.
My next oldest daughter that's in college in California is a world twirling champion.
She twirls a baton
and we did a lot of things together.
Uh-huh.
She and I did a lot of things together and flew,
we have flown all over the world for her to compete and to perform.
Uh-huh.
And that was a lot of fun.
But that, that, I guess you could consider that organized.
I mean, there is a competition all the time.
Yeah.
We were very heavy into that.
Other than that, they were pretty much,
and maybe dancing school for a while or mainly school sports and things like that.
You know, I think that's probably true. The,
if you have one child or fewer, you get involved in organized events or activities
Uh-huh.
and if you have a large number of children or, then you don't.
Well, you can't afford to.
No,
you
and there's not enough time,  uh
Right.
like my son is in, uh, Little League this year.
He's ten.
And they practice three times a week
and they have a game
and it's just, uh, if there were more than one child, I don't know, there would be no way to do it.
Right.
That's right.
You know,  one parent go one direction
and I'd have to go in the other
and we could only cover two at that.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Well I know I spent hours in the gym every day with my daughter
and my little one also competed because really she had no choice.
She had to go with me.
Uh-huh.
So the three of us just spent a lot of time traveling and, and competing
and, of course, the competing itself, really didn't matter what it was,
it was making the friends and going all the places
and it was a really neat experience,
but it took our total time.
I did not work, uh, when I did this.
Now I do work full-time.
Uh-huh.
And it's just, my thirteen year old and myself
and so we really have to keep it together to get just her activities in and still have time to spend with each other.
So ,
I don't  think, although
I think a, a, more than one child, probably three children is probably the ideal to me
but I'm not sure I could afford three.
I most certainly couldn't educate three.
I don't know how my, my parents did it.
Yeah.
I mean, there were five of us
and I don't recall, you know, wanting anything in particular.
Uh, but I don't know how my father did it.
He worked at a truck line
and he just didn't make that kind of money with five children.
But we did okay.
We had a house and a home and,
but now, my wife and I both work
and we don't, I don't believe we have as much as my parents did
and we only have one child.
Really?
Uh-huh.
Well, things cost a lot more.
I don't know how it is in Georgia
Huh.
and I don't think our part of the country is particularly bad compared to some.
Atlanta is horrible.
Is it?
Yes.
we have a lot of people moving here from Boston and, and different areas
and from talking to them, they're shocked.
Really?
and they, you know,
the housing is so cheap in comparison to Boston  that they jump  on it.
Right.
That's what I've heard.
They sell their house,
they stash away a good bit of money and come down here
and I work with a lot of them,
they, they think they, they have really done something.
Then when they get down here, they realize the cost of living is outrageous compared to, to where they came  from.
Huh.
Yeah.
The housing is cheaper,
but that's about it.
I'm surprised to hear that.
I've heard very positive things about Atlanta,
