What do you think?
Well, uh, I can't be terribly authoritative on what life was like thirty years ago, uh, because I'm not that old yet.
Uh-huh.
Um
I can be,
but go ahead
Uh, I know that, uh,
I mean obviously you look at, at the technological aspect of, of social change.
I mean you didn't have, uh, you didn't have video games.
You didn't have home computers.
You didn't have Xerox machines.
Right.
I mean, uh, you, you try to,
you go into a, a business today
and, you, you try to imagine the whole thing except running off of carbon paper
and it's almost inconceivable now because the Xerox machines and, and everything have become such, you know, such a, a a part of the way we live.
Right.
We fax  everything.
And ,
Yeah.
We don't even wait for the mail anymore.
Uh-huh.
Right.
Yeah, uh,
a business associate of mine was, was talking about how it used to be where you would send things through the mail
and you had to do something,
this was concerning the S E C,
and so if they had business to do, they had to finish it, you know, three days in advance so they could get it through the mail. Because you can get it there, you know *"Because" as connector; sd in, in a matter of minutes you know, through a fax machine
Right.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh
Right.
and because of that, these quote, unquote convenience type items have made work that much more intense and that much harder.
Right.
Because you're expected to work on  stuff up until the last minute.
You're expected to,
exactly.
And I recently read an article on just this, that said stress today is so much worse
It should be less because we have a microwave
and our grandmothers had to bake brownies
and we can throw them in a microwave for two minutes
but the more conveniences we have, the more that's expected of us
Uh-huh.
and we have no down time.
Like we don't stop and wait for things to happen because we don't have to.
Yeah.
So we keep moving.
We don't stop and wait for the things to bake and this to happen and that to happen.
We just hit buttons and keep going to the next thing.
So we have no relaxation time in between
Uh-huh.
so they say that's really a bad thing. That you need to learn a lot of ways to, to deal with that and get your, your time in between things.
Uh-huh.
So that's good.
That's an interesting point.
But I just think our, our family lives have changed drastically.
And I think that's
of course a part of it is technology.
I mean our kids, where would they be without Nintendo and, you know, their T V shows
and
some of that is really bad I think.
But, we have all single families.
So many single families now.
Uh, a lot of working,
both parents are working.
So there's a whole big effect on our kids
and not very many of my daughter's friends really are on their original mother and father.
You know, I'm wondering what this is going to do in ten and twenty years.
Well, there's that
and there's the fact that, you know, nowadays fewer and fewer couples are deciding to have kids which generally tends to happen.
I mean the U S would be actually declining in population slightly if it weren't for the fact that we, have continuation, large scale immigration into the country.
You're probably right
And I'm an O B nurse
and that's never really occurred to me but that's, that's interesting.
I never really thought about it that way.
Yeah,
yeah.
I saw that, the numbers on that awhile back
and I was like, uh-huh
so
Yeah,
yeah.
That's true.
When is this good or not good. *listen
Well, uh, In terms of the long term effect, effect on, on America, in terms of the culture and everything, I don't know.
We don't know that yet
Uh,  Most of the, of the next generation is going to be in, or, or an, extremely large part of the next generation is going to be, you know, second generation, uh, from immigrant parents.
Yeah.
I don't know either.
That's true.
And they're  going to be really struggling
and I don't think that America is currently the type of environment where struggling up from the bottom is necessarily considered to be good
Right,
right.
I mean, it's no longer the, the, uh, the accomplishment that it, that it once was
and not that many people are really trying I don't think
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's kind of scary.
Huh. Well that's true.
But, I,
it's just very, very different
and I guess every ten years it's just been very different.
Yeah
So. And I don't know what's going to happen.
Uh, I know what I'm seeing here at my job is that people are having their children much later in life  so  that they're establishing careers
Yeah,

and they've got their homes
and they've got,
