You want to go first?
No,
you can start
Okay.
Uh, one of the things they talked about was, uh, did we, what do we think about a judge making the decision?
Uh-huh.
And I really don't agree with that
I think that the trial by jury is better, uh, you know, than having a unanimous decision rather than to have one person be responsible.
I don't think that they could be objective in every case, every time.
Right.
you know what I mean?
Right.
There's, there, this topic is kind of mute.  Uh
Yeah.
there, there's no way.
We, we couldn't survive in a in a juror in a trial system without a jury.
Right.
Uh, one man can never be, one man, one woman can never be objectionable in every case.
That's it.
Uh, every person has their opinions
and that's why jury selection is often very difficult.  Uh.
Well,  I, I feel the other thing too, uh,
they were saying, uh, you know, what new ways could could it, you, you know, change the system.
I, I really think that, uh, we spend a lot of time, uh, going through appeal after appeal after appeal after appeal,
I mean, if you go to a trial by jury and especially if a person has confessed. If they have been caught, you know, point blank in the crime. There's, uh, no question
Right.
it's beyond a reasonable doubt.
You know, all these things.
I mean, you know, we've gone through this over and over again.
Right.
They shouldn't allow  an appeal.
And  it can go on for ten, twenty, years.
Yep.
I, I  think this is a little ridiculous.
Uh-huh
I think the only people who benefit from that are the lawyers.
Oh, that's right.
I work for a law firm
I, I'm  serious.
And I think that the lawyers have caused a lot of the problems that exist in the in the criminal system today. With plea bargaining.
Right.
You know, if  someone is
Well plea  plea bargaining is a different story.
Well.
Plea bargaining is something completely different.
That, that actually prevents trials.  Or at least speeds them up.
Well, I know.
That's what I'm  saying.
But I think a lot of, all of the whole criminal system is messed up in, in that regard.
I mean, you know, people who commit, uh, crimes that they,
I don't know how it works exactly
but  you know, they get lesser sentences
Right.
and I understand that the jails are full of people, you know,  uh  and that they have to do something.
Right.
But, I think that the reason they are full is because they know that they can get away with it.
Huh.
you know what I'm saying?
That we don't have, uh, well a lot of states don't have capital punishment.
Right.
And, uh I, I think they should.
We do
I, and I think if a person is guilty of taking someone's life and like you say, it's, it's, there's no doubt whatsoever. Like drunk drivers that kill people
and, uh, you know, all
Right.
they, they're caught dead to rights.
I, I just think that that's, they've, they've taken a life
and if, they should pay for it with their life.
Right.
When you're saying as far as the appeal, uh, procedure was concerned.
Yeah.
We just have the case,
I'm, I'm sure you've probably heard of Marion Berry.
Uh-huh.
Uh, his last appeal was, was denied two days before his sentence was up
Oh, really.
So, I mean, his appeal was denied
and two days later he got out of jail For cocaine possession.
It, uh,
Yeah.
But, uh, that was absurd
There is never, there was no reason  the appeal process should have dragged on that long for a six month sentence.
I know that, that
Uh-huh.
And, I don't know.
Uh, what would you do to change it? To make it better?
Well, uh, the, the only I can, I you know,
the, appeal procedure is the only thing I can possibly think of.
Uh, like I said, as far as removing of the jury and having the judge sentence, that's absurd.
There's no way that could work.
Oh, yeah.
I, I,  I don't agree with that at all.
Uh, but,
Imagine the guilt that person would have.
I  mean  burned out.
Oh, exactly.
There's  there's no possible way that you could, uh, you know, feel good about yourself.
Exactly.
Right.
If you had to do something like that, day after day.
No one would want the job
No.
Not really.
Uh, and, you know, like I said, the, you know, everyone has their opinions about every case.
Well, do you think people should have a trial is they're caught dead to rights like,
Oh yeah.
I, I feel that everyone is, everyone is, uh, entitled to a trial by jury.
That, that, that right
I mean, supposing  I come up to you and I just point blank kill you.
Well, I mean, were  there witnesses?
In other words  you're saying that, you have to find out whether it's premeditated or what the circumstances  were.
Right.
Right.
That you can't, you can't remove the jury regardless of the case.
Yeah.
I mean you could have fifty people in audience watching a murder take place
Yeah.
and you, you'd still, there's still mitigating circumstances
Well, I, I,
