I guess, I guess by what you said you're, you don't feel your, uh, privacy has been invaded anytime recently?
No,
not really.
Uh, uh, the only thing that annoys me is when, uh, people call and they, uh, you have solicitation calls.
Uh-huh.
That's the only thing that bothers me.
That's not really invading my privacy
Right.
Uh, do you feel that yours is invaded?
Uh, no
I wouldn't call it invading my privacy by any means.
Uh, you know, I would,
there, there's a lot of times though, uh, you get those calls and, you know, when you're sitting at home wanting to relax or, or whatnot
and, you know, next thing you know, uh, someone calls and wants to sell you this or that
and it's real hard to, to tell them, you know, that you're not interested.
Or you do tell them you're not interested
and they still keep asking you, you know, and keep badgering you about it,
and that aggravates me.
But I don't know that you could call that invading of, invading my privacy
because, you know, if we don't want that to happen all we have to do is just call the phone company and say, look, you know, I want my name unlisted or want  my, you know,
But, but that  doesn't work.
It doesn't?
Uh, no,
because they, a lot of times they dial sequentially.
They get your name from, uh, if you enter any type of contest or anything.
Uh-huh.
Uh, you know, you enter a sweepstake in the local department store for a shopping spree or something,
you put your phone number on there,
they pass your phone number on to another company.
Oh.
Uh, or you, uh,
or, or like the newspapers, they just dial randomly or and stuff.
They even call, the newspapers here even call people who already subscribe
And, uh, while I was subscribing to the paper, I got so upset at them  that they
Uh-huh.
you call me one more time, I'm going to stop subscribing
And the local, local papers ask them to remove your number from their list
and, uh, yeah,
you call up their regular, during regular hours
their, uh, they have a special department,
they'll take your numbers out of their lists.
Uh-huh.
Uh, but the, uh, Orlando paper, uh, yeah, they, they refused to take it off of the lists
and they call every month.
Huh.
And when you have more than one phone number, you get a call on each number you have
Good grief.
Well, let me ask you about this.
Here's something that, uh, has been kind of concerning me lately.
My fiance received a bill from a, a Lord and Taylor company,
Uh, you know, they're a, they're a department store.
Uh-huh.
She received a bill from them, uh, that she had visited some
and, and I think it was there in Florida,
maybe it was in Miami.
That, uh, she had visited a store there
and, uh, they had this bill, uh, that she had bought such and such amount of merchandise, uh, over two hundred dollars worth of merchandise.
Uh-huh.
Uh, and the date that, that she supposedly made this purchase, she was in Denver with me for Thanksgiving.
Uh-huh.
Uh, and apparently what had happened is someone used her social security number.
Uh-huh.
Uh, and, and I've, I've heard recently that, uh, uh, that this is a common occurrence where people are using you know,
they use Joe Blow's uh, social security number, uh, and can, uh, potentially ruin someone's credit.
Uh-huh.
If you know a person's social security number and their mailing address, and their mother's maiden name   uh, you can, basically, become that, uh, person.
Huh.
Uh, if the purchase was made mail order, they should have a record of where it was shipped to
Uh-huh.
and since it wasn't shipped to her address, she could prove, you know, that it wasn't her.
Uh, if it was some you know, coming into the store and stuff, then she would whoever made the purchase would have had find some kind of, uh, you know, document
Yeah.
and, uh,
the signature, uh,
they should be able to provide you a copy with that signature
and if they can't provide a signature, you know, they'll have to eat the charge
Yeah.
Well,
But  if the has, you know, their social her social security number, I'd be real concerned that they, uh, that she's not, uh, blacklist on, uh, what is it, it's Telecredit or something?
Yeah.
Uh, because she won't be able to cash checks because most places verify through there.
She probably won't be able to open a checking account or anything without a lot of hassle.
Yeah.
Well, we got it cleared up eventually.
What happened, uh,
