Okay.
Uh, generally I get, uh, you know, most of my news, uh, in the, you know, weekly magazines like TIME, NEWSWEEK and, and, uh, U S NEWS AND WORLD REPORT. With, with occasional smatterings of, of, uh, you know, THE WALL STREET JOURNAL and, of course, the local paper.
Uh-huh.
But, uh, my, my only complaint is I really don't enough time to, to look at the articles every day and, and go through a paper, you know, exhaust the details.
So that's why I concentrate on weekly magazines.
Do you think that the weekly magazines provide you with as much detail information as you'd like?
Well, yes.
I, I, well, I, I don't think I have the time to really become a student in every article.
Uh-huh.
And, and so I, I, I like the weekly magazines, uh, because it gives me, you know, the high points of what's going on.
Uh-huh.
Uh, but many times, uh, you know, the, the local, uh, the local news kind of suffers, you know.
But here I am, you know, cheek by jowl with our nation's capital
and,
Oh,  that's right.
You're very close actually.
It's  almost a, uh, bedroom community  for  the capital.
Yeah.
Yes.
exactly.
Well, when, when the capital gang always talk about the people inside the beltway, I'm saying to myself, hey guys, I'm inside the beltway
But, uh, it turns out that, uh, that, that the C N N is, I think, is great. And for, for things like hurricanes and fast breaking events
Uh-huh.
but generally, they're, they're, they're more sound bitish, you know, kind of thing
and, and I don't really, uh, you know, I don't really feel as though I've a gotten sufficient, uh, you know, dose of news that way.
Yeah.
A lot of my information comes from several sources.
Probably pretty high up on the list is National Public Radio. Uh, which I like.
Uh-huh.
Yes.
Uh, I, I think it's fairly objective
and I always like the letters that they read which tend to accuse them of being too liberal and too conservative.
And while there's an inherent, uh, filtering process going on just by the letters they choose to read, uh, I always figure it's a good thing when any given group is being accused by each side of, uh, favoring the other side.
That's, that's potential indication of balance.
And, generally, I really do believe they are pretty balanced.
Uh, I also read TIME magazine
and we get one of the daily newspapers around here where we go through various sections of the, uh, various, uh, of the articles and the front section
and, uh,
Well the MERCURY and the, and the, and the CHRONICLE are the only things that are really,  can  stand up there.
Oh.
Oh, you
did you use to live around here?
Uh, Redwood City.
I use to work at Anteks.
Oh, okay.
Oh, yeah,
okay.
I know exactly where that is.
Anteks, Amdahl  and places like that.
Yeah,
we, we get the MERCURY which I generally think is actually a pretty good newspaper
Yeah.
the newspaper I really been impressed with it when I've read it at times, at, well the LOS ANGELES TIMES. Which I've found to be a, uh a very good quality uh, newspaper
Uh-huh.
and I like a lot of the articles there.
the other thing when you said, we don't have cable T V, so but the other thing that you referred to that always sounds really interesting to me is, is called C SPAN.
Yes.
I, I've, I enjoy,
see they have, uh, we have two, the, both C SPANS here.
But,  but  really, the, on the public T V, you know, MACNEIL LEHRER is one, is an hour's program that I always,
Both?
Uh-huh.
if, if I watch any news program, it will be MACNEIL LEHRER. And, and occasionally C SPAN.
Uh-huh.
I, I like a, I saw the, uh, the, uh, the, the tapes that were, that were run of Marion Berry's drug bust
was, the whole thing was, was run on that
and   and, and also,  they have the, uh, the, uh, uh, PARLIAMENT'S QUESTION AND ANSWER PERIOD.
Oh, I  never say that. *listen: should "say" be "saw"?
That would  have been interesting.
It,
Yeah.
I, I think that's always fascinating.
I wish, I wish we had something.
when, when it first,  uh, you know, when it first tuned in on that I, you know,
it's one that's,
I think it was, somebody was just scarcely just, just ripping the hell out of  another person.
And I,
and everybody was, you know, making noise in the background.
But it's usually the Prime Minister,
right?
Here's this  dude in a wig
Thatcher,
Major .
and I said to myself, it's another Monty Python that  I didn't know about
And then, and then up jumps Margaret Thatcher off her green bench
and I said oh, it's Parliament
Which could be another of Monty Python.
Yeah.
So I, I thought to myself, I can't wait.
I'm going over to, to Britain in mid, you know, in mid-May.
I, I, I'm going to, uh, you know, you know, approach my, uh, you know,
this is how I discovered, you know, the the Prime Minister's, you know, question and answer period, you know.
I, I have seen that
and, uh, a, aside from the level of wit which is much higher than, generally, in American politics, uh, which I really enjoy. I really like the fact that they have a chance to ask hard, real questions I think.
And it's unlike the fairly controlled, uh, press conferences that Presidents of the United States have here where they, they always seem,
Yeah.
