Okay.
Uh, so your, you, I guess you're probably in the same, uh, same situation uh, we're in.
We're kind of past having to provide child care.
Our, our kids are grown up.
We don't have any grandchildren yet.
But, uh, uh, they're,
Uh-huh.
How old are your children?
Uh, one's twenty-six
and the other is, uh, twenty, twenty-one.
Uh-huh
So they're, uh, uh, They're, they're getting there.
Well, they're going to be getting there.
You know,  there's no  no, no prospects right away for anything to happen.
Yeah.
uh-huh.
Oh, I see.
But, uh,
I have, uh, five children.
I have a eighteen year old son.
The of my girls are like twenty-three, twenty-six, twenty-eight, and twenty-nine.
Uh-huh.
And I have three granddaughters right now.
Oh.
And, uh, I, uh,
one's in Iowa.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, she's, she's a teacher
and what she does is she, teaches at a preschool.
Oh, okay.
And,  and so she kind of,
and they let her bring her, her little daughter in for free.
Uh-huh.
And then, so
but she just works part-time.
Uh-huh.
Then I have another daughter in, uh, Bountiful, Utah
and she has to work full-time
and it's just tearing her apart.
She has a private baby-sitter.
Yeah.
And, uh, the baby just screams.
I mean, the baby is like seventeen months
and she just screams.
Uh-huh.
Well even if she knows that they're fixing to get ready to go over there.
They're not even there yet you know.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
It's  hard.
We,
And,  and then I have my, uh, uh, I have a seven month old granddaughter
and, uh, her mother stays home
and she, they live, they live with us. You know, in, as Orange County is really expensive.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
They live with us
and so, of course, we love it. Because we get to see this cute little baby all the time.
But, uh, uh, she just,
uh, she used to work in pre, in the preschool and, and, and child care
and she says after working in there
and, and, you know, here she was a provider
but, you know, there's only so much one person can do.
Yeah.
She said it's so awful.
She said she'll never put her child in a, in a, in a in a in a preschool.
Uh-huh.
I'm sure there must be some good ones around here somewhere.
Huh.
But it's really, it's really, really very difficult
and,
Yeah.
What did you do when your kids were growing up?
Were you,
Well, when, when
the, uh, the first, uh, ten years, see first ten or twelve years, I stayed home.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, then after that I, I went to work.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, uh, uh, a couple of times I just, uh, uh, you know,
then I had one job
and then that job ran out because it was kind of a government seeded type job.
And then, and then like about, later I, I tried to get the baby to a baby-sitter.
Supposed to be good, uh, recommended person from the church
and I knew her personally.
She had two kids of her own and everything.
But I quit my job because I couldn't stand how she was taking care of my child.
Uh-huh.
I mean, first of all, uh, her children were sick all the time.
So when my son stayed over there, he got sick.
He got sick,
yeah.
Same thing,  same thing that the, her kids had,
right?
Right.
Well,
And so,  uh, we didn't take her over there until like about eleven o'clock.
Then he, she'd take my son and her daughter over to kindergarten.
But
that day, uh, I was saying now he, he's sick.
And she goes well, she goes, he has the same thing that all my kids have.
That's what he got, you know.
Goes, well, okay,
so it's not like he's going to infect her kids.
But then what happened was, is, I said, uh, he just threw up
and kindergarten starts at eleven thirty
so she said well she'll keep him home
and he'll probably just sleep anyway.
Well, you know, what
that woman sent her, sent him to kindergarten.
She sent him to kindergarten.
As soon as he went there, the teacher took one look at him
and he threw up again
and they put him in the nursery, uh, they put him in the nurse's office.
yeah.
And then what happened was, is, you know, they gave her a call because they knew that she was my baby-sitter.
Called her
and they said, uh, that he's sick.
Well she wasn't home.
Huh.
I mean her, all her kids were sick
but she wasn't home, right.
And her, and her, her daughter that was in kindergarten with him also did not go to school because she was sick.
Now why didn't he, why didn't she keep him home with her?
No,
she didn't do that.
So, it got to the point where he's, he's supposed to get out of, uh, kindergarten like about two thirty.
And I had to leave work.
It was, it was five o'clock in the evening
and I found out he was still there at school.
And they were calling me
and they said somebody's got to pick him up.
And I kept thinking that she was going to get picked up, she was going to pick him up because she only lives in like two blocks away from the school.
I was trying to get my husband to come and pick him up and all that kind of stuff.
And he had a hundred and four fever.
They couldn't, uh, give him anything because they're not allowed to at school and  everything.
Right.
I was so furious.
I, I quit that job
and I stayed home for awhile longer.
Then I went and got a, uh, a job in real estate where I can kind of adjust my time a little bit better.
Yeah,
a little more flexibility.
You can  come and go.
Yeah,
but,  uh, I haven't had any good, really very good  experience with child care
Yeah.
When, when  our kids were small we had a couple of, uh, good, good women who, uh, would often uh, get them to come to the house.
