Uh, with regard to, uh, to jury trials. I, you know, I, I really feel as though, uh, jury trials are, are, uh, whatever system has been, been used historically, in particular jurisdiction, you know, is really the, the only kinds of things that you can use. Because the, the jurisprudence is, you know, based on, on, uh, you know, on accumulated body of law.
And if, if you have a situation where you change that body of law, then all of sudden they, they start, they could start going back and digging up all these cases that, uh, that would be handled differently  were  they judged by today's standards.
So I, I really don't think it, they can really do much of anything to change it.
What do you think?
Uh, I, I don't think so.
Possibly in the jury selection would be the only,
just for example, what we're seeing in California I guess.
It makes you wonder, uh, had the jury been a different group of people what would have happened with that outcome.
Well won't,
well  maybe they used a little bit too much force with stuff like that
but then then, you know, the defense lawyer addressed each and every one of those blows apparently
Uh-huh.
and, you know, the  other two guys sat in the car
That's, that's bad .
Uh-huh.
and they didn't get beat up. You know.
No.
It ,
Rodney got beat up because he, he, you know, he you know, he involved himself in some sub, self-destructive behavior.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, uh, just like the burning and looting is self-destruct.
Uh-huh.
Everybody  says well this is the nineties
Oh, yes.
and they're going to rebuild
and it'll be even better.
Hey, what do you think,
you know, some, some black guy with capital is going to come in and invest in that area?
That's right.
With everybody with that mind set.  They, they're  they're going to, that whole area is going to be turned into residential ghetto, you know,
They're only going  to suffer.
and you might even be able to, to use it for, for a bombing test site, you know.
they're only going to suffer.
They, they've defeated themselves with, with their looting and violence.
Uh, I understand why they were upset by the verdict just because even those of us that aren't black or, uh, don't live there or whatever, we all saw the same thing on the, on the tape
and, uh,
Well everybody is saying this is going to be a new era
and we're going to reexamine this thing.
Hey, the the average person is going to take a look at that and say, suspicions confirmed.
They're a bunch of animals, you know.
How can you really deal with an environment where you're going to lose everything.
Forty deaths.
I mean there are  forty people  that are dead as a result of that.
I know.
Yeah,
it's really ridiculous.
And I'm just trying to determine, you know, how you address, how you weigh, you know, Rodney getting, getting the hell beat out of him against, you know, forty deaths.
Against forty other people being,
Yeah.
And there's no other,
I'm not exactly sure, uh, what the circumstances surrounding the deaths.
And I'm very upset that the news media has not identified those deaths and, and pursued it, you know, because I'm interested in the circumstances surrounding  this thing.
Those deaths.
Uh-huh.
Is it a looter that got shot by a store owner?
I, you know,
no tears.
Or just a  an innocent bystander or somebody got actually beat to death or what.
Yeah.
And  and so I, but I, I suspect a number of them.
Um.
You know, you, you see film of people being pulled out of a car and shot, you know, in, in the street.
Or, or beaten.
And, and my reaction is I would have run over fifty people before, rather than stop.
And, uh, and there, there would have been just nothing but carnage after, after, after if I'd been at the wheel.
Um very
No one  would have stopped me.
Right.
That's, that's exactly how I feel too.
I wouldn't have, uh, they wouldn't have stopped my car for any, anything had I seen them coming.
But I was just wondering since you're, you're in, you're back east, uh, and a little closer to the, the bigger cities than we are in Idaho here.
Right.
I'm inside the beltway.
Oh.
You know how capital gang, they always say well inside the beltway, they think thus
and so and I say well wait a minute,
I'm inside the beltway
and I don't think like that.
Uh-huh.
I'm a government employee.
Oh.
In what, uh, section of the government  do you work?
I'm with  the F B I.
Oh
Oh, that's interesting
Yes.
and so, uh, uh, and, and the reason I'm doing this whole thing is because Rick, whose another government employee wanted a segments of my speech, that that were done a year ago
Uh-huh.
and he wanted another collection a year later.
Oh.
And so this is my seventh call.
A year ago I did eleven calls.
Oh, I see
And so that's, that's why, uh, uh, that's why I'm religiously getting on the phone because I have a unique, you know, I have a unique situation here in that if I don't participate,
