Okay.
I'll let you start first, okay?
Okay.
We, um, I'm presently living in a house, uh,
first time, uh,
we had the house built
and so this is our, our fifth year in it I guess,
and, uh, um, it was a real excitement to, uh, to go out and select the house and have one made and built
and like you wanted it, we were the fourth to build out of three hundred and forty houses.
And, um, as we did with probably ninety-five percent of the people here in Dallas-Fort Worth we bought a Fox and Jacobs home,
and they're good for about five years or four years
and after that they start falling apart.
So, I would, uh, not recommend F and J house for my dog to live in, uh, because they're overpriced, uh,
but they're a cheap house.
If you can't afford something good, you know,
they're good for that,
and, um, you can call it a home because it's a place to go home and keep the rain off your head,
but as far as the costs for what your getting, uh, the longevity of the house is not, uh, is not worth it.
How about in your case?
Well, in my case my husband is not a carpenter,
but, in fact, he's in electronics,
but he knew the only way we'd ever have a new home is if he would build it.
So it took him about two and a half years,
but, uh, he built us a house,
it's, uh,
we have thirty-two hundred square feet,
and it's a brick house,
and price-wise, it was great because he did it all himself, you know,
so that way he could, we could kind of control, in, control it,
Uh-huh.
and, uh, we live in kind of a small town,
Uh-huh.
and I mean it's nothing fancy, you know,
it's, it's a house,
it's nice,
and it's real pretty
and we're all comfortable in it.
Well, that's great,
that's great,
that's, uh,
I've heard,
I have another gentleman, friend of mine, who, uh, who had a house built
as a matter of fact another guy is building one now,
he's been doing it for three years
and the city's a little upset with him,
but I understand you save a lot of money off, uh, by doing that,
and, uh,
Oh, you can because that way your not having to pay the middle men and everybody else.
Nothing wrong with that,
You know.
uh, I'll vouch for that.
Um,
But, uh, of course, my husband did everything except
my brother's a trim carpenter,
and he came in, you know, and did the inside for us,
and that helped.
That was a big savings.
And, uh,
yes,
and, uh, we had to hire, of course, the plumbing and the brick and everything else, nothing, you know,
Well, that's great.
uh, have you been in it long?
Oh, really,
well, have you any plans to, uh, maybe, uh, expand or move onward?
no,
we're,
well, uh, our kids are kind of still small now,
and we had thought before maybe a lot older we don't need such a large house that we'll sell it,
but he will not build a second one himself. Because he says age-wise he'll never be able to handle that again
I see,
well,
First one is always a bear.
Yes,
yes.
We're having a, an architect friend of mine design a house for us
and that can basically be, be put on any lot, in any state, any you know,
so that's kind of, we just got with him and told him what all we wanted,
Oh.
Uh-huh.
and he's charging us about a buck a square foot to design it
and he's certified, and registered
so at least we know we're, it's not going to fall in or something if it's built.
Yeah,
oh.
But, uh, I have heard that your approach is, is right,
you can actually go out and sub it, if, even if you don't want to get hands on,
Uh-huh.
you can even just sub it out to concrete and those kind of things
and, and that's kind of the plan I have
so, I'm, uh,
Yeah.
everyone I talk to, uh, I file in my little book and do other things with it .
That's great,
that's great.
But, uh, like I said otherwise, you know, the expense,
but, you know, we could not have one as large as we have if, you know, we hadn't did it ourselves.
Sure,
I can imagine.
Yeah,
I mean it's not an Eldorado house or anything like that,
but, you know, it's ours.
If your happy with it, that's all that counts.
That's right.
That's right.
That's all,
you only have to, uh, satisfy yourself and no one else.
apparently the appraisers likes it because our taxes sure is high
Oh, that's, uh, that's, uh, an encouraging sign if you ever want to resell, I guess.
Isn't it?
It really is
because I, I'm always shocked at about, you know, what they have it appraised at,
I think, oh my goodness.
Well that's great.
Well, yeah,
I guess that about does it.
Okay,
and it was nice talking to you.
Nice talking with you, too.
Okay,
bye-bye.
Bye.
