Okay,
what do you like to cook?
I like, well I like to cook foods I like to eat.
I like to eat Italian food best.
Uh-huh.
And I find that I, that's pretty easy to cook because a lot of it is one dish meals, type things and, they're kind of convenient.
Uh-huh.
That would be good for a dinner party, that, you know, to cook that because you don't have to deal with eight different things, coming out at once.
Right.
Is that what you usually cook when you have a party.
Um, I usually have parties that are smaller groups.
I don't have, I've never had a real big dinner party except at traditional holidays like Thanksgiving and such.
Uh-huh.
And so, um, yeah,
I guess I usually do.
I like to cook, um, heavy sauces, and, um, noodles and pasta and such.
Really,
that sounds good.
Um, fattening
Yeah,
actually
How about you,
what do you like to, to cook?
Uh, we,
it's funny that, um, we're talking about this,
we just had a dinner party
and we had, um,
our senior pastor and his wife came over.
Uh-huh.
And I catered to their diet is the only thing, though,
so it wasn't something I really wanted to make.
I really wanted to make red beans and rice and with . you know, sausage,
Oh yeah.
because I'm from New Orleans originally.
Uh-huh.
And, um, I was going to make that, red beans and rice with the, those Cajun sausage and French bread with garlic butter and stuff,
and, uh, well there's salad
and then for desert I would, I really wanted to make, um, just brownies
or French donuts would have been good,
but it's real hard to make them.
They don't really come out like they do in New Orleans, up here,
I don't know why.
Oh really.
I don't know if it's me or the water or the recipe I have
but,
Humidity or something.
um, that's what I want.
That's what I like to make is just real neat stuff like that
but.
Uh-huh.
Kind of like the Italian,
it's really good,
but instead I catered to their diet
so I made baked chicken in the crock pot
and, um, it was good and everything,
it had all the vegetables in it,
but, it seemed kind of boring compared
It kind of, uh, kind of down played compared to what you would like, huh.
Right.
Do you find yourself, um, with all the, um, cholesterol and, and high fiber changing the way that you that you entertain?
I find it changing the way that I eat, but not the way I entertain,
because I guess, I guess I feel like if they're on a diet like that, I'm going to, you know, honor that,
but if it's just
another couple came, um, over a couple weeks later
and I made,
what did I make that night.
I made a roast,
Uh-huh.
and I made, um, uh,
I can't believe this
my husband broke the coffee pot I just bought yesterday.
Oh no.
I can't believe that.
Anyway, but I asked,
when Ricky and Carrie came over we made, um, a pot roast with rice and gravy and salad and the whole bit.
Uh-huh.
And normally I, don't eat, we don't eat like that during the week because of the, you know, the calories and the fat in it.
Uh-huh.
But you know, when we're having guests, we just kind of say, oh just do it.
And I made blueberry cobbler
and we had extra crust with it,
Yeah.
it was so fattening.
That sounds good.
But, I don't think we gained any weight from it
so.
Well, every once in a while I, I think I feel the same way.
When I'm entertaining, I don't take that thing into consideration unless it's really, really,
like a lot of women will turn down dessert if it's too rich simply because they don't want the extra calories,
so I think dessert is the only thing that I kind of down play, sometimes.
Right,
I made an apple pan downy when the pastor and his wife came over
and she didn't eat it.
Oh yeah.
But I did bake apples so that it would be, not brownies, you know.
I figured there was less calories in apple pan downy than in fudge brownies.
Yeah,
yeah.
So, um, I've read a good brownie recipe.
Oh, that's good.
But, uh, anyway, so I guess that's about what I did when I entertained.
Uh-huh.
So, do you have anything else you want to say about it?
Um, nothing comes to mind right off,
so I guess not.
Okay,
well it was nice talking to you.
Okay
you too.
Okay,
bye.
Bye, bye.
