Okay
Where to start.
I haven't had that much, of course
I just heard,
but I haven't had that much time to think about it, either.
I guess the, uh, biggest thing I find is the financial aspects, uh, particularly, the ability of people to access, you know, your financial records or, for example your credit, uh, rating almost at will.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
That's true.
I didn't think about that.
And, uh, of course flying , uh,
using your Social Security number, of course, permits people to do that
Uh-huh.
and almost anything you do now, a Social Security number is required.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, of course there's another aspect of this, too, uh, in terms of invasion of privacy
I just thought about it,
being a professional and, of course, you probably belong to one or more professional organizations,
and that is that
some of the organizations sell their mailing lists which I think is a, is an invasion of privacy.
Uh-huh.
I agree
Yes,
I get some of these things in the mail that I wonder, where in the world did they get my address or where did they get my name
And in fact, some of these things I get, some of these questionnaires,
it's funny because I'm, I was in the process of filling one out when I decided I would make this phone call,
but uh, I haven't got to the end of it yet where it asks all that salary information and everything,
but, when you have to send that back in the mail with your name on it, your salary information, I, I just have a real hard time doing that, uh,
and they ask you what type of household items do you own, like stereos and T V and V C R
and, and you hate to send something off with your name and address
and what types of things do you own
and what kind of money do you make
and you wonder, well, who's going to get ahold of this and think, um, that's a nice place to go rob
And not only that, it, it opens you to phone solicitations for a variety of things from,
Right.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
I got one tonight about six thirty when I sat down to eat dinner,
carpet cleaning
I've had them for carpet cleaning,
I've had them for, of course, for, you know, real estate investments
Uh-huh.
you know, you get, uh, please send in your, uh, you know, this particular card and you get, uh, a free trip or something along those lines.
Right.
And so, that, uh, that bothers me because I, of course, I enjoy being at home and I do not enjoy getting called by strangers uh, particularly you know, soliciting.
Uh-huh.
So, having your,
and I know that a lot of these, of course, are random phone calls
Uh-huh.
they just, you know, start going through the phone book or going through a series of numbers,
but some of them are sold,
and I know you
talking about mailing lists, the
I,
there is one particular group to which I belong
and for some,
the reason they have three different names for me.
Um.
Now the address is the same you know, my, my office address
Uh-huh.
But they have one under, you know, my first name, James.
They have one under my first name and initial middle initial,
Uh-huh.
then they have a, a third one under my, just my two initials.
Uh-huh.
And and I get mail here at home under each of those names.
Uh-huh.
Oh, no
So I know that they have sold their mailing list.
Right.
And, uh, I think those two things bother me more than anything else as far as an invasion of privacy.
Yeah.
And, uh, I can't really think of anything else offhand, that, uh,
I think I dislike the phone number part the worst.
I mean, it's, it's one thing to get junk mail because you can, you can just put it right in the trash,
but it's the phone calls,
and, you know, usually when they call you, it's going to be when you right when you sit down to dinner because they know, they pretty much know that you're at work all day
and they call you right when, when you've just gotten home from work.
The last thing you want is a phone call unless it's, you know, something halfway enjoyable,
but if it's a salesperson, it's just something you don't want to have to mess with.
And, and I've gotten a lot of them lately,
or I'll,
sometimes I come home from work
and there's a lot of hang ups on my answering machine
and I'm just assuming it's probably a salesman that called during the day
and, I wasn't home,
and they'll probably call me up and, you know, call me back and bother me when I sit down to dinner later on,
but I find that very annoying The, uh, mail stuff,
Uh-huh.
yeah, you know,
it's kind of irritating,
but it's not nearly as obnoxious as the phone calls.
I think, I think you mentioning the phone calls during dinner,
I know when I sit down with the family and want to have the opportunity, you know, to talk and see what's going on and all those things,
even if friends call it irritates me.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
So I try to,
I actually during that period of time from, you know, usually from six o'clock or six thirty, whenever I get home, until eight or so, I will shut off the phone
Uh-huh.
and, uh, my daughter gets irate when I, when I do that because, you know, she's a teenager
Uh-huh.
Uh, oh.
so she'll, you know, I might get an important phone call,
but, So I guess those three things are the, uh, uh, most irritating to me.
Uh-huh.
I agree with the phone, too, in that, I'm single,
but when I come home from work, there's times I need to pay bills,
I need to balance my checking account,
I need to do all kinds of different things like that,
and even though it's friends calling, sometimes you just feel like, this is my quiet time,
I need to get things done
and the phone ringing bothers me,
but that's, that's where answering machines are nice, because if it's really important they'll leave a message
and I can call them back
That's right.
But, uh, at work I have so many phone calls from customers calling in,
sometimes it is just, I just want to get away from the phone ringing because it, it really does annoy me.
And, uh, if I've had a lot of phone calls during the day when occasionally when we have, uh,
like this past week,
we have to do a lot of troubleshooting when the programmers have installed a new system,
and, uh, phone rings like crazy
and you come home
and the last thing you want to do is have to answer the phone.
And if it's some salesman, that just makes it even that much worse.
And, uh, it just,
I get to where I, I turn the answering machine on and just let it pick up the phone,
but now with this thing I'm participating in, I kind of have to answer it, because you never know if it's the switchboard or if it's, uh, you know, somebody calling that you really don't want to talk on the phone.
Well I have, now we have a, you know, voice mail system at, uh, at the office.
Uh-huh.
Now what I have done is, I have forwarded my home phone to the answering service at the office so that I do not have to have a, uh a ring at all. If I, if I want to do that.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
A ring at all.
Oh, huh.
That's an idea
Right.
And, uh, or I will just let the phone ring three or four times and know that it will forward to, uh, to the office.
Uh-huh.
And so it's, you know, it makes it convenient.
But at the office when I, you know,
we can, uh, on our system, and I imagine on most systems you can just route it directly to the answering service.
Yeah.
Ours is that way, too.
And when I, when I want to be, you know, not bothered during the day, that's exactly what I do.
Uh-huh.
And so, uh,
Well, yours is probably the same as ours.
It's, uh, Tigon
, isn't Tigon , uh, part of G T E or vice versa or something like that.
Uh.
Seems I read,
Yeah,
well Tigon is part of G T E.
Okay.
Okay
that's it,
that G T E had purchased Tigon
and,
Yeah,
that's what we have.
Except we call it Aspen.
Aspen?
Yes.
Huh
And, uh, we,
I couldn't remember in Tigon had purchased G T E phone mail services or if G T E had purchased Tigon .
I knew there was some type of a tie in there.
I remember reading in the paper a few months back
but,
Yeah,
G T E purchased Tigon .
Okay.
And so, we had, had been using a, the Aspen service before they purchased Tigon
Uh-huh.
so I imagine we will be, uh, shifting over to that service uh, for a while, or if, in a while As soon as we determine what we're going to do with Contel after we bought Contel
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
Oh, Dana, I think we have probably conversed long enough.
I think we did,
Well,
that's good
All right.
I didn't think we could go too far on this privacy thing,
but, uh, I guess it's close enough
well thank you for calling.
I I, I enjoyed talking to you.
Sure, good talking to you, Jim.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Take care.
