Well, I was just looking around my house and thinking about the painting that I've done.
Uh-huh.
And the last time that, um, we tackled it, I did the kitchen.
And I had gone through a period of depression at one time and painted everything a dark,
it was called a sassafras,
it was kind of an orangish brown.
Okay.
It was not real pretty.
Yeah.
Anyway, so the kitchen was one of the rooms that got hit with that color.
Uh-huh,
I see.
So I tried to cover it with white,
and it was quite a, a feat getting that dark a color covered, and then just the hassles getting around the cabinets,
and know if I look underneath my cabinets, I'm not satisfied with the jobs I, I did on it because there're splotches.
Yeah.
But, I'm glad it's done, because it's brighter.
Yeah,
yeah,
that's for sure.
Well, we, uh,
I just got married about six months ago,
and we bought a house at the same time.
So we're,
I'm sitting here in my forty year old house,
and we're about halfway through the painting process
Oh, lord.
So, uh, the only, uh,
I guess the, the big discussion, just kind of what you were mentioning, has been the color.
We ended up with our, our living and dining room are now, uh, kind of a, a light peach color with, uh,
and it's got all the old, original hardwood trim and stuff,
so we've got the trim in kind of, uh, kind of an off-white.
And this is really the first, uh, interior painting project that I've attacked.
And, it's, it's been, uh, it's been something else, to say the least.
We, we had the same type of situation.
Uh, the walls were, uh, uh,
well, they weren't,
the color difference wasn't so bad,
but, uh, there was semigloss underneath
Uh-huh.
and we put a flat over the top,
and everywhere you'd miss there'd be this little bright spot you could see
It seems like you could see it through about three layers of paint.
Oh yeah.
Every time the sun would come up in the morning I'd see another spot and have to drag out the paint can.
But, uh, we've learned.
We, we, uh, we worked, we've worked our way back into the hallway,
and, and we're in the middle of the bathroom now.
But, uh, it's, it's been quite an adventure.
The other, the other thing that makes it, uh, a little more difficult, we've got all hardwood floors,
and, uh, we, we've learned to be a little more careful about covering up the floors since the, since the first time we spent a lot of time on the floor with a tooth, toothbrush and what not cleaning up.
So what are you going to get it off with if you get it on and it's dried?
Well, it's, it's not too bad.
It, it, uh,
the floors are finished with a polyurethane,
Uh-huh.
and it's really not to bad to get off, *typo to too
it,
it,
we're just using latex,
and it's not too bad to get it off once it's dried even.
It, it, it, uh, comes off with like a mild abrasive pad, like a scotch-brite pad or something like that and and soap and water.
So, we got pretty lucky on that.
And it's not scratching your floor, because it's so thick.
No,
not really.
Oh, that's pretty good.
But.
We painted every room in this house, some of them like two, three times.
We have two children.
Okay,
yeah.
And, they just,
they ruin,
it's just terrible what they do.
Yeah.
And then I have been coloring my hair,
and I'm real haphazard when I do it.
So I've got dye on my bathroom door.
Oh, gosh.
And I haven't figured out how to get that off.
I guess I'll have to take that door down and really get it good.
Yeah,
yeah,
probably so.
And then we have a two story.
Okay.
We did the outside of it one summer.
Yeah.
That was horrendous.
I mean, I, I couldn't stand the back side going up that high on the ladder.
I could get up on the roof and do that.
Yeah.
But, I dread that the next time.
Yeah,
I, uh,
Yeah,
we, uh, our house was painted as part of the purchase contract,
so we didn't have to mess with that this time.
But I've, I, I grew up on a farm,
so I, I've, I've messed with outdoor painting a little bit, uh,
but most of that, it was done with a sprayer and, uh, up in the bucket of a loader tractor, or something like that,
so, it took a lot of the hassle out.
And then they're,
Uh-huh.
we're not, you know, you're not nearly as concerned with a barn or a grainery, or something like that as you would be with your own house.
No,
I wouldn't think so
Have you guys tackled your ceilings yet?
Uh, a little bit,
yeah,
yeah.
Oh, we got to do that this summer.
We're dreading it.
Yeah
It's like, they're dark.
Yeah.
Everything else is white.
Oh, gosh,
yeah.
Just, just the opposite of what everybody's, uh, working towards now.
Now have you thought about this? That wherever you buy your paint, you need to make sure that that store's not likely to go out of business.
Yeah,
yeah,
absolutely
Yeah,
we, uh, we stocked up the first time around.
But we've definitely got all the formulas on file,
and, uh, we're, they'll be there for a while.
We're, we're pretty comfortable with that.
But, yeah, it,
it,
I'm, I'm real nervous every time I, I open a new can.
I'm wondering if I shouldn't buy about twenty gallons at one time and keep it all in a, in a washtub or something somewhere because I'm I'm always afraid that the next coat is not going to match.
Uh-huh.
But, uh. It's gone pretty well.
It just,
it, it, takes, it takes some time.
My problem is, while I,
I'm not overly proud of it,
but I'm a self-proclaimed, proclaimed perfectionist,
and it, it takes me a long time to do trim and things like that.
And I'll find, I'll find something as I'm going along, something not related,
like, like, uh, I've gone about changing out all the outlets and switches because, they, they really didn't match.
They were,
a few of them were broken and things like that.
So, I always pick up these little extra tasks as I'm doing this,
and, and the painting actually takes probably, uh, a fourth of the time,
and I'm always doing all this other stuff,
and my wife's hollering at me and wondering what else I've come home with from work this time to, to put in, a ceiling fan or something strange like that.
So uh, it, it, it always,
it, it, it gets you to look at everything real hard when you start putting a coat of paint on everything,
you start to notice where all the dents and scratches and things are everywhere.
Oh, but I still feel good, the minute I put that paint on, even if it does got a dent in it
Yeah.
I do.
Yeah,
it sure makes a difference.
Oh, what else can I tell you about painting?
Oh, and I get it all in my hair, too.
Do you do that?
Yeah.
Spots in it.
Yeah,
it's, it's been, uh,
we, we bought this house with the idea that we were going to spend, you know, spend a lot of time working on it,
and, uh, it was part, you know,
part of the excitement was, was getting a good deal on an older house that just, it really hadn't been taken care of very well.
It, it was actually,
it was rented out for a couple of years and things like that.
So, we uh, we ended up getting a fairly good deal on it.
But, uh, there just isn't enough time,
I, I, I find myself going to work knowing that, that there's a job about half done at home,
and I really,
if I would, if I'd just stay home and finish it, I'd feel a lot better,
but, uh, I'm, I'm starting to learn that there's always something else.
Once you get done, you can always start over
and, and you make up all kinds of excuses.
Are you having to repair the walls at all?
It,
they're, they're in pretty good condition, um, as far as, uh, major repairs. You know, a lot of little filling holes and nicks and things like that,
but, uh, the only,
the most major things have been, uh, oh, I guess I, I moved a couple of outlets, and, er, uh, switches I should say.
For some reason, they put a bathroom light switch in the hallway
and, uh
Um, that's smart.
yeah,
and I, I didn't like that very well,
so I, I moved that,
but, uh, most of it, most of it's in pretty good shape.
So where do you live?
Uh, live in Dallas.
I'm in Garland.
Okay,
okay.
Did you try to call this weekend?
Uh.
To that switchboard,
did you keep getting that it was down?
No,
no,
I haven't,
uh, I hadn't tried.
You didn't?
In fact, we were, we were planting flowers this weekend
So, uh, I was pretty tied up,
but.
Yeah,
well, I've never tried any other kinds of painting besides on a surface like the house like to paint a picture or anything.
Uh-huh.
I don't know,
I can't think of anything else to say about painting.
Yeah,
that, uh.
It hurts your back,
and it hurts your arm.
Yeah,
you know it
I get a I get a sore neck from looking up all the time, yeah, things like that
Yeah.
but, uh, no,
that pretty much covers my experiences.
But you're glad you're doing it,
right?
Oh yeah,
most definitely.
It, it just,
it makes such a difference.
I,
like I say, the overall appearance of this house is what really devalued it so much.
Uh, I, you know, I, I don't want to put a price on it,
but I just feel like we're, every, every gallon of paint adds a tremendous amount of value to the house.
You know, every time I do something, aside from that it just makes me feel a whole lot better to come home, an you know, the walls are clean,
and they match, and all those kinds of things.
Uh-huh.
Do you have one of those straightedge things to put underneath when you're doing the baseboards?
Yeah,
yeah,
we do.
It, uh, it sometimes works
and it sometimes doesn't.
It's a, uh,
when I start doing trim, I, I've gotten to where I, I tend to freehand it because there's so many layers of paint on this house after forty years that, uh, it, it's so hard to tell where an edge is anymore,
and uh.
On your baseboards?
Yeah,
yeah,
they
You don't have any carpet down in your house?
No
there's no carpet in the house right now.
See, we've got carpet,
and, I haven't figured out how you're supposed to paint it, on down, so that you won't see where you stopped off and still not get it on the carpet.
Um,
Because every time you move that edger then it gets the carpet into it.
Well, you know, um.
You can't hold it there until it's dried.
Yeah,
I, I've I've seen, uh,
they're, they make some plastic edging stuff that comes in like three foot lengths.
And, you can, uh, you can tape them together
and, and, and put ...
