Well, I really enjoy reading the newspaper,
we get the daily, uh, DALLAS MORNING NEWS
and I try to look at it.
If I get busy I don't get a chance to pick it up, like this week I noticed several copies have been haven't been touched
but
Well, do you have time to read the paper in the morning?
Well, not in the morning,
but, uh, if the,
well, I have two children
and if they, uh, go out to play or something I like to keep my eye on them so I'll, you know, maybe go outside and read the paper while they're playing or sit in a chair by the window or something.
You know, a lot, a lot of people don't take newspapers at all.
We, we took the MORNING NEWS for a while,
Uh-huh.
and then, uh, well, we've been taking the TIMES HERALD for ages
and then, uh, dog just ran off with my shoe, that's off the subject, went outside, picked it up and ran off.
Anyway, uh, and then we switched the MORNING NEWS
but we found we couldn't read enough of it
and by the time I got home and had time to, to read some,
but, but I guess the, the issue is, uh, beside the newspaper, do you take any news magazines?
Well, we, I don't take, like TIME, or NEWSWEEK or anything like that,
but I do like to watch, uh, C N N.
I have several chores and things to do,
so it comes on at, like the nine o'clock p m
and so I will turn that on while I'm doing some work
and I can hear the news, not have to sit right down and listen to it.
Did, did you, did you hear what Schwartzkopf had to say about, uh, Pete Arnett, and, uh, the, the news coverage?
Well, he didn't have too good of opinion of it,
no,
I mean yes I did hear that
and so, uh, I do try to keep that in mind that whenever you're reading a paper it usually has a particular flavor.
Well any, you know, TIME magazine and even the news that,
sometimes that,
that's why I like some diversity the idea that, I, we have TIME which, which we take from time to time
and we,
the problem is they call up and make this deal, you know,
and, well we're taking that
Uh-huh.
and, and we also hit the Garland, GARLAND DAILY NEWS,
I guess it's, it comes out sporadically, like, twice a week or
Uh-huh.
but I think what's interesting is that if you're, that there, uh, that as difficult as it is, or as, as much as they try, they put some bias,
I had the chance to hear Tracy Rowlett speak to a group
and it was interesting that they think that they're basically impartial.
Um.
And that,
but, and, and, you know, people accuse them of controlling the news he says, you know, we don't control the news we just report it the way we, the way it is.
Uh-huh.
And,
Well, I wouldn't think I would really say that that's not true, because uh, it seems like certain newspapers always espouse certain candidates,
Yes.
and, so, uh, news stations always tell the story from a certain angle
and that's why it's a good idea to get a wide variety of coverage so that you get a lot of different opinions.
You may never get the truth,
but you'll have a variety to choose from.
Yeah,
and I, I thought that was particularly interesting in the, the Gulf War, that there were pieces of information that, that were apparently, uh, leaked just as a, as, as, uh, a ploy.
Uh-huh.
Which was, uh,
I, I find that fascinating that, uh,
Yeah,
I do, too.
Do you ever listen to the radio
or any,
I listen to K R L D, and, uh, uh, K L I F, the news talk radio.
Uh-huh.
And I actually listen to C N N radio.
Do you know it was on radio now?
No,
I don't.
It's on eleven ninety.
Um. I really, uh, have gotten out of the habit of listening to the radio from any kind of, even music
and, uh,
Well, when I go to work I listen.
Yeah,
my husband does
and it's how come he usually calls me sometimes, and says, oh, I just heard on the news that such and such happened, you know, if it's something really interesting
and and then I'll know to, to keep an eye out for it,
Yeah.
but I've got out of the habit of listening to the radio.
Well, with, with your, you know,
if you're around the home, though and, and, and can watch T V and read the paper, the problem is, is that about twenty minutes of news radio, or thirty minutes is
and then they start repeating everything.
Uh-huh.
And, and so it's kind of a, oh,
that's what's interesting is the C N N, uh,
I don't think, I'm trying to think if it's much local.
I listen to a little of that
and I listen to a little of ninety point one.
I, I'm, I'm inveterate switcher.
Uh-huh
That and ninety-eight point seven, I'm eclectic approach.
Do you have a particular local channel that you watch?
Well, I watch channel five
but that has to be,
that's another bias.
Uh-huh.
That has to do with the weather reporting.
I'm not sure that,
actually I think channel eight is probably,
but I know Dave Fox,
he goes to our church
so,
Um. Well I am, we're fairly new to the area
and so we're still shopping for a favorite channel.
Well the, Channel eight when they came here thirteen, fourteen years ago, Dave Fox and Tracy Rowlett came together, uh, from Oklahoma City
Uh-huh.
and apparently channel eight was way down
and now they have turned it all around and done a pretty remarkable job
and then they've been some people move around
and, uh, John Chriswell is, anyway, the,
I, I don't know,
do you, do you, do you seem to,
can you tell much difference between the local radio, T V stations?
Well, I really think so.
I noticed on channel eight that there's all of the, uh, anchors, are seem to be like white Anglo Saxon protestant type people
and they all seem to be, you know, fairly similar
and I kind of prefer a, you know, some females,
I don't recall that they have any female anchors
and I like different, I like the anchors to be different kinds of people.
I think that adds to the diversity,
I think that, uh, I like that.
Uh-huh.
Uh, there, I know, you know, John Wylie Price,
I don't know if you kept up,
but he's been protesting,
Yes
I have
and, uh, I prefer you know to have a little bit of variety like that because I think you're, you're more likely to get,
Yeah,
and I think he has legitimate argument.
I mean you can, uh,
I, I, I grew up in Alabama
and so I, I have some prejudices.
Uh-huh.
But I think that, I think that, that from a, a justice standpoint, because we have the option of not watching that station.
Uh-huh.
Uh, I'm not sure I, I'm totally in favor of affirmative action in some of the programs
but I think that, uh, in some cases this should be some real opportunity and, and some diversity, and and this kind of thing
Yeah.
and I think that, Dallas, it turns out, though from what I understand, has quite good,
I occasionally go to Saint Louis.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, there for a few days and watch the news and, and think Dallas really does have, have quite good news.
I think channel eight is the number one, uh, A B C affiliate in the U S.
I think Tracy Rowlett was saying that he,
Oh, really?
Course he pumping his own
Well, we, you know,
like all of the stations seem to be pretty good,
it's just we haven't found one that we've snuggled into.
Where'd you move from?
Houston.
So we had a, a favorite,
or I did, have a favorite channel that I usually tuned into for local news.
I guess because you get use to, you like the anchors,
Yeah.
and you feel comfortable with them
and,
It is interesting though,
it becomes a little of personality.
In fact, the, the guy that was on, the weatherman on channel eight worked for me, oh, long time ago, twenty years or so, even longer than that. Twenty-one, twenty-three years ago or so, twenty-four, anyway long time ago
Uh-huh.
and, and shortly after I got, we got here fourteen years ago
and, uh, they had, they had fired him, uh, because he was too
anyway, didn't, he didn't have the personality, and wasn't drawing the crowds
Uh-huh.
and that's interesting.
That's, that's what the T V stations do.
they're trying to get ratings.
That's true.
And I think, if we remember that, that they're out after the ratings.
Their job.
That's true.
So that really effects how they report the news.
Well, it's like the, the Dale Hansen on channel eight is a, sometimes a little too cutesy
but, I wonder if we're coming up on ten minutes.
Is he the sports,
Have you talked, have you been on the conversation when they beeped you at ten minutes?
Yeah,
I guess it is time to close now, so I can run go help put the kids to bed.
Okay,
well good talking to you.
Yeah.
Goodnight.
Bye-bye.
