Okay.
All right, uh,
feelings on what caused the S and L crisis
I guess I don't have a real technical knowledge for what happened
I gather that there where large numbers of situations where loans were made that appeared to be a good loan but in a speculative since
and with have little regulation going on because of deregulation during the Reagan eight years, uh, more and more S and L simply began to take riskier and riskier loans
and then when they began to collapse one after the other I think almost like an avalanche of, of property values devalued.
Uh-huh,
kind of like a domino's effect.
Right.
I don't have a, a field for whether or not this is the equivalent of what was called the teapot dome. Uh, scandal,
Oh, .
are you familiar with that, from your histories lessons or whatever.
No.
No.
Uh, I vaguely recall
but I've never gone and done any study on it since the S and L thing
that teapot dome scandal is when I think during the Hoover years where gobs of land was, was sold at really inflated prices on the theory that there were natural gas beneath it,
and that, that appeared to be corruption within the Hoover administration.
I don't have a real since of, of like corruption that caused S and L all though I have a feeling that people look the other way when things began to go sourer maybe.
Uh-huh.
No,
I don't think it was really corruption that caused it,
or within
I think people just started, you know, not being as careful with the loans that they were making whenever, you know, whenever they gave them out.
Uh-huh.
I think maybe they didn't check into them enough
or maybe because everyone else was doing they figured they would just go ahead and approve it also
so.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It seems like there were on awful a lot of people making loans and business decisions on a
get rich quick is the wrong phrase
but, if it captures some of the, the feeling I have from the people making business decisions that if they failed it's sort of well no skin of my back
I'll move on to this other company,
Uh-huh.
or I, I just since that they didn't have a commitment to the stability of the organizations they were, were making the decisions for.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh
And I don't know whether that's because they had other opportunities to which they could move, you know, that it was that easy for them to find new work that they didn't, weren't stuck to where they were
and things begin to collapse
they just moved on.
I'm not sure.
Or whether they had extracted enough money in a percentage base that they, that they didn't care any more,
I, just, I'm rather puzzled about the, whole thing
Uh-huh.
I know, well, I'm, uh, I know a little bit about it
but I don't as much as I should know about it
I'm a finance major here at Clarion.
Okay.
And, um, I do know that one of the reasons that caused it is the fact that the federal reserved backed any loan that the Savings and L made with a, a hundred thousand dollars.
So they were kind of insured with that hundred thousand dollars
and I think that's kind of why they, they were making the riskier loans,
because they were like oh, well, we have a hundred thousand dollars insurance on it.
Well, they didn't, they didn't have a since of risk.
No,
I don't think so.
Oh, okay.
And, uh, plus where the fact where they were allowed to make loans in, any, almost any type of loan
and like some banks, you know, they're limited to the types of loans that they're allowed to make.
Uh-huh.
And I think the S and L were more open with the types of loans that they were allowed to make.
Okay.
And I think if they would be more bound to certain loans and not as high of insurance by the reserve, then I don't think this would have happened.
Okay.
Well do you think we, there's a final accounting, yet not, in the since of pennies an nickels,
but do you think there's accounting on an ordered of magnitude or, or that, that they really do understand how much money it is,
for awhile it seemed like every time I opened the paper up it was escalating in terms of damage, uh,
Uh-huh.
did, is your since that we now understand how bad it is, *listen
or is there more to be heard yet.
Um, I think that people just basically got tired of hearing it
and it wasn't making, it was wasn't as good news as it was.
I think it's still, you know, I adding up,
and I think it will be for awhile.
So you don't think necessarily they don't have a complete grasp yet,
No.
or whether .
I, I don't think they do.
I don't think how, I don't think how they could find that big, how much was really lost or how much they were going to lose, because there still are some S and Ls still open.
Uh-huh.
And it's, it's very possible for them to go down in the future because of this.
To be caught in the .
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
Do you think to possibly is that it will help with the regular banks?
I, I don't know.
I I think it would be harder
but I think there are some regular banks that will go down with it.
It seems that I recall reading for the last oh, let's say starting three years a go but not so much in the last year of bank risks of relative to the loaning funds to third world countries like Mexico, Venezuela. Uh, and Argentina based on oil loans
Uh-huh.
and then the price of oil had, had gone south resulting in those loans being very risky,
and I guess I read articles of various banks that have done the right thing to contain their risks given that they had made multiple billion dollar loans.
I have this vague since that, that could happen that, that there are still monies loaned out to third world countries that could end up being totally lost.
Oh, yeah, um,
in some of my classes now I was just reading
I think it was in Venezuela
I can't remember what company it was,
but they just wrote off like millions of dollars because they know they will never get it back.
Uh-huh.
You know, and they just, they just wrote it right off.
I think, I think we've lost a lot of money
and, you know, like we every never going to get it back
it's impossible to get it back.
And so you think that it's just gone.
Uh-huh,
uh-huh,
yeah,
cause we're, you know, we're talking about some peens that have just like even gave up on like getting it back and trying any more.
Okay.
They just totally wrote it off their book.
Do you think it is necessary to have the federal guaranty program
like my since is it was there to try to protect small investors
but it ended up protecting big investors. Which I don't think what it was meant to do,
Oh.
so I guess I, I feel like as long as we have the possibility for this large numbers of people to be protected the possibility exist for these sorts of problems.
Uh-huh,
um, yeah,
I think is it necessary to have, um, the backing, um,
it, it's, it's just for, you know, safe purposes, you know, in case something would happen. Um,
yeah,
I don't, I
yeah,
as long as there's enough little companies we're going to have to have something.
Um, so your since is that the, that, uh, the loan guaranties which really were accounts guaranties, so the, so that the account holders that if something went wrong they would have their money.
Uh-huh.
Right.
And given that the S and Ls have had disasters then those account holders are, are, their money is still being protected.
Uh-huh.
And that is it's million of people with anywhere from thousands to tens of thousands I guess of, Of dollars being protected.
Uh-huh.
It, it seems like, um, there was a lot of money being protected in multiple accounts, uh,
it's,
if, if you take ten million people and protect ten thousand dollars it still only a hundred billion dollars
and we're taking about monies way in access of that now
so it's obvious that we've protected large accounts.
Uh-huh.
And perhaps multiple people in multiple S and Ls
and, and it seems like maybe that needs to be thought about, rethought.
Yeah.
You know that the, for,
I guess I'm content with the need to have protection on, on accounts
but I feel likes it's on an individual basis.
Someone whose got accounts in thirty-five different S and Ls or thirty or forty thousand dollars
and they're all protected by the government.
Seems to me like they've gotten around what was intended to be the issue there.
Uh-huh,
I guess I don't have a personal since of V on it since I, was not a heavy user of any S and Ls
Uh-huh.
and, and let alone any of them that went bankrupt.
And I guess that means that from my perspective it could happen again,
I think it could happen,
because that means, I'm not worried enough, uh,
yeah,
it's kind of thing where maybe we'll survive
and then I, then it will happen again because we don't pay attention to those kinds of things.
I think it'll happen again
but I think it will be a long time in the future before it does happen again.
Because I think like the bank people in any kind of people like that are going to be worry enough not to let it happen again in the near future.
But I think later on they're going to start and forget about and start making the riskier loans
because I mean, you're going to have to take some risk
and as long as their backed I think they're still going, you know, start taking on riskier loans,
and I think there is a chance of it possibly happen again but not until, you know, late, you know, in the future.
Uh-huh.
Well, perhaps if there are regulatory, uh, constraints put back in place. It will protect that
Uh-huh.
maybe we have learned a little bit of a lesson here about what happens if you remove a little of the regulation, uh.
