Well, my family moved to Texas about eight years ago.
My husband was raised here, by
I, I have never lived here,
so, um, when we came back to Texas, I was really kind of excited.
There wasn't a state income tax
and there wasn't a tax on food that we purchased at the, the grocery store and things.
Huh-uh.
And all of that was new to me,
because I'm sort of feeling like we're getting a better deal here than what I was accustomed to.
Yeah.
Did you move from the Northeast?
Well, I lived in Missouri and then in Utah
and them, um, both places had pretty good state income tax.
And, um, we've always paid tax, you know, on everything we purchased, even food at the grocery store.
So, I thought it was really, you know, kind of a pretty good deal not to have to pay tax on your groceries
and, but, I think, I mean, I don't enjoy paying taxes.
And it's hard,
but, um, I think that is what we have to have, you know, have our streets and have, have our government and Excuse me. And have, and have the services that we need
and we have to pay for them and pay for the employment of the people that run them and, and things like that
and I think, I guess, what I feel is that most people, um, they don't like to pay taxes because they feel like there's some people that aren't paying their fair share.
Yeah.
I think,
yeah.
And, um, that makes you feel bad.
People that can really influence the government have all the money to throw.
Right.
And you know, when, um, when last year the elections were going, on the governors election and state and, you know.
I, I didn't have anything against Clayton Williams personally or anything,
but, um, it was kind of hard for me to think, here's someone as wealthy as he is,
didn't have to pay any income tax.
That he said that year,
he claimed, he had, he didn't have to pay income tax
and he thought, you know,
there's some people are living pretty, pretty good life styles,
but they're not paying income tax.
And that's not fair, to me.
No.
And there's, you know, some people, you know, who are abusing the systems that we pay taxes to support
and all that makes us feel bad.
But I think, all in all, how I feel, is that, um, I'm willing to pay the taxes because I think I like our country compared to the other countries I've studied and visited.
And I'm willing to pay extra to live here and to enjoy the services that I enjoy.
How do you feel?
Well, yeah.
I agree that you have to pay taxes for the services you get
and, and I think that, you know, I don't think that there's any really, any system that everybody would think is fair, as far as, being taxed.
Huh-uh.
Huh-uh.
So, I guess, in Texas with,
we live here also,
Huh-uh.
and that it's mostly sales tax,
so it's, really the people that have money to buy things are paying the more because they're paying the sales tax on the larger items that they buy and stuff.
Huh-uh.
I've lived in Texas most of my life.
We, um, lived in Kansas City for a couple of years,
and we were kind of in for a rude awakening.
They had personal property taxes on like cars
and, the first year we were there it was kind of like, eight hundred dollars,
Oh, no.
And we're like .
My husband says I used to complain to pay sixty dollars to get licensed in Texas
and now, you know,
Huh-uh.
So, I mean, that was kind of different
and then to file a, a state income tax, was also kind of tough, too.
I guess, since we've been married, we've moved a lot,
so it always seems like, you know, we're always paying taxes for something.
And it was kind of nice this year to finally be able to get a little money back.
But, I, um, have a accounting background,
Huh-uh.
so I then, have also done tax returns in the past for other people when I worked for an accounting firm.
Huh-uh.
And, uh, you know, it is kind of sad to see how the people that have the resources to hire somebody and have the money to spend to put there money in places, they don't have to pay taxes.
Right.
Or to buy something that loses money so that they can offset the income that they get or whatever.
Yeah.
So, you know, I think, if, I can understand why the rich people don't want to pay, you know, a large, large percent
Huh-uh.
because, you know, that's not really fair, either.
If they've earned money by themselves, well, you know, people just kind of given the money,
Yes.
it's kind of depressing sometimes, I think.
Well, it is,
and sometimes, I think, um, well, for myself, that income that we have, we pay a certain salary,
but, I think the employer keeps in mind this will be deducted, you know,
so, so many taxes will be deducted from it
and so, I think, you know, our salaries are a little bit higher because we have to pay taxes on it.
Yeah.
And so, I think, you know, in that way, we're compensated, um, just by our society. Um,
yet, you know, they don't pay you, um, what, just what it would take,
and if you pay taxes on it, you wouldn't have any money left over.
And, and, um, but some of the people that make a great deal of money and everything I wish that they would, I guess, because I'm not one of them I wish that they would, you know, realize that they, they couldn't make this kind of money,
Well, yeah,
that's true
they couldn't live that kind of life style anywhere else.
Yeah.
In that,
even if they made that kind of money, there's some countries that have like, fifty percent income tax, you know, that have, socialized medicines and things that,
Yeah.
they, um, they wouldn't be able to enjoy the in that.
So that, you know, they need to be willing to pay a little bit more for it.
Yes,
they've earned it.
And yes,
they have such great fortune here,
but they need to pay for it, too, because they couldn't do it somewhere else.
Yeah.
Um, I like Texas, um, not having the state income tax
and I hope that
because, um, we've had enough industry here, that, I guess it,
is that why we don't have
industry here is able to, to fund the state because we have oil here and things,
I mean, that's what I've always heard.
Is that, um,
They must have enough other stuff because the way the oil has been the last few years, that, that really has not been, the industry that is bringing in the money for the taxes, I wouldn't think.
Big boom.
Yeah.
There's something about, um, the industry in the state, That, um,
Yeah.
there's enough.
I know, we moved here from Houston
and the city had enough money.
It was really nice that they had, um, that
they began to cut back because of the oil problems,
but, um, they would have, um, so many community outdoor theaters and, And like, uh, community country club type things.
Huh-uh.
That the,
it was such nice services to offer the residents in the city
and I really liked that.
Don't you have to,
why people decided to expect certain services,
Huh-uh.
Then, they don't really think they should pay for them, maybe.
I don't know.
Yeah.
That's true.
And I, you know, like
the property tax that we pay is so much higher than my parents pay in Missouri.
But, um, I'm, I'm comfortable at least in this year, with, with,
we have some good schools.
The school thing might be changing
but, I'm willing to pay for that for my children.
Yeah.
And I'm willing to sacrifice, I guess.
I'm not going to be the type of person that's going to grumble about the taxes, even though we're paying a pretty high percentage.
I feel like you get what you pay for
and I want to be here
and I enjoy, I enjoy living here in this country
and having seen other countries, I'd much rather live here and pay taxes, than live somewhere else and not
Huh-uh.
Anyway, well, I guess, I better let you go.
Well, it was nice talking to you.
Yeah,
it was nice.
I haven't ever, I need, I've never initiated one of these phone calls.
Do you call in
do you get to pick the subject
or,
No.
No.
They just define it to you
and so, you get what, uh, get luck of the draw
Oh.
I see.
but,
Yeah
Yeah,
anyway, well, good luck to you.
Okay,
you, too.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
