Okay, um,
now the term personal computer, uh,
I don't happen to have one at home. Um,
but I do have a personal computer on my desk here.
A type of work station?
Yeah,
uh, yeah,
just kind of, it's kind of a kluge that was pieced together to, to, uh, shall we say bypass the formal procurement process.
And, uh, it, it works just fine.
It says it's a monochrome monitor, Panasonic printer, uh, no big deal,
it, it does the things I need for it to do.
Is it a two eighty-six or three eighty-six base machine?
No,
it's not even that.
It's eighty eighty-eight?
Uh, I think that's about where it is.
Okay.
Uh what type of, uh, utilizations do you make of it?
Word processing obviously.
Uh, yeah,
I do that,
I, I do, uh, some Lotus on it. Uh, do some, uh, Samna, some, uh, P F M, uh, nothing extremely complex.
Okay.
Uh, I use them both here at work and at home.
Uh-huh.
And I have I B M clones in both cases.
Yep.
Here at work I have the T I one thousand which is a three eighty-six base machine.
Oh, yeah.
I bet that's a pretty nice setup.
Yes,
it is.
Uh, unfortunately I need all of it.
Yep.
Uh, for example, I was messing around with a spreadsheet this weekend that's a third of a meg in beta size.
Wow.
And that, I know that, uh, brings an eighty eighty-eight machine to its knees because I had taken it over from a friend who was working on it
and he had a two eighty-six machine,
Yep.
and it brought it to its knees. Just in the ability to handle.
Wow.
And then I have, uh, a three eighty-six F X a sixteen bit machine, at home.
Uh-huh.
And I'm really pleased with it.
Uh-huh.
It manages to take care of all my home needs in terms of word processing and spreadsheets and, uh, databases, database searches.
Sure.
Uh-huh.
Uh, what I've gotten into more recently are the tools to use them.
Have you,
Yeah.
Yeah.
To try to make them more effective and useful.
Right.
Have you been, uh, struggling along those lines?
Well, um, I seem to always be in the, the next to the last generation of word processing software.
When everyone was in Samna I was still in P F M,
and now that I finally become proficient in Samna everybody's going to WordPerfect.
So, I can never quite stay current with that.
Well, I think you will be real pleased to get away from the banana as I used to call it.
It's, uh,
I used it on, uh, some other machines in days gone by and was real pleased to leave it.
It was a real memory hog when you started making large blot changes to it.
Uh-huh.
The,
at least the version I had tended to keep copies of that. Of what you were changing and deleting off in memory until all of, all of a sudden you got a disc full error. Not a fun thing to try to recover from.
Oh.
Huh.
I can I can believe that.
Very frustrating.
Uh, but again I've been dealing with large files both data and, and otherwise.
Uh, that was a engineering spec on B two.
You come here with the B level of specs?
No,
not really.
I'm not that up be on that sort of thing.
Well, it's just a huge file that tries to describe the requirements of what you're trying to build. Uh, to one level down from assistant description.
Oh, okay.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Oh, well, it sounds like you're pretty much into computers.
Well, I sure need them.
Uh, there's no way that I could begin to process and keep up with the kinds of information or the magnitude of information that I need to, to try to do my job without them.
I can believe that.
Well, it's, it's been interesting.
Yes, uh,
maybe you'll play around some and figure out how they can help you do different things.
I think that's when you, you start deciding that you really need greater assets than you already have.
When you start seeing what all they can do for you.
Yeah,
of course, needs and wants aren't necessarily the same thing.
Well, I understand that you know.
if, needs and wants were the same I'd have a four eighty-six machine at home
I
is, is that the newest thing now, the four eighty-six?
Right.
That, that must be a fairly recent release.
Uh, that's,
came out around the first of the year.
Okay,
okay.
Because I, I had done capital packages for two eighty-sixes and three eighty-sixes,
but I didn't know they had a four eighty-six just yet.
It does a few more things, uh, than had been available before.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
But I'm not sure that it's such a massive improvement. Uh, you know,
once you get passed thirty-three megahertz, all help is, kind of lost in the, in the translation. Because you no longer can think that fast anyway.
Sure.
Yeah.
Well, okay.
I enjoyed our discussion.
I did too,
and you have a good day.
You do the same.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
