Well, how, how do you feel about the immigration laws?
At,
currently, I think they are a little restrictive. Uh, particularly for, uh, certain ethnic groups or from certain countries.
Um, I think we should permit, uh, more immigration from eastern Europe, for example, uh, particularly the, uh, the Jewish, uh, uh, people from Russia.
I think we could permit more of them in than we have permitted in the last, uh, several years.
And, I think we have, uh, uh, too much restriction on the, uh, on the Orientals also,
but, of course, that's just my opinion
Yeah,
well, I'm not real sure why I got this topic, because I don't think I checked it off on the list because I know very little about the current immigration laws.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Well, we seem to, uh, to favor certain, uh, uh, countries particularly South American countries.
And, uh, there is no, uh, uh,
I have nothing, of course, against, uh, the, uh, the South Americans or, uh, or Hispanics, in that sense,
but I think we, uh, are more restrictive of the, uh, so called eastern, uh, European countries than we, uh, we should be.
Of course, that's from my own bias since my ancestors from eastern Europe,
so
Oh.
And, uh, so I think, uh, you know, the, uh, embargo we placed on the, uh, on the Russian Jews, although we of, uh, spent years and years, uh, lobbying for their release and their ability to, um, immigrate from Russia as soon as that occurred, we simply said that, uh, instead of the, uh, hundred and fifty thousand or so who wanted to immigrate to this country, we cut that by, uh, two thirds.
Uh-huh.
So.
Huh.
I do not quite go along with that,
but
No,
that doesn't make a whole of lot sense.
No.
And I still think,
you know, again, kind of having, uh, uh, within this century, come from a, uh, an immigrant family, or immigrant families on both sides.
Uh-huh.
Both my mother's parents and my father's parents were immigrants
so, I'm a little touchy every now and then about that
Yeah.
Well, uh, my, uh, my family is from, uh, Europe from, well, from England and Ireland and, uh, have been in this country for, oh, more than a hundred and fifty years almost two hundred years,
Uh-huh.
Oh, my
so, I don't have any, any, uh, relatives that I am, or, or, uh, several generations back, that I am familiar with their names and how they fit into the family.
They were all, they were all born here
Uh-huh.
so I don't have any real strong ties with any, with, with the immigration laws.
I don't, because I don't, I don't have any personal feelings about them
and I haven't taken the time or effort to learn what they are.
Well, I think in a way, though, uh, uh, I also have, uh, an opposite point of view, which is, uh, although I believe we should, uh, permit, uh, you know, constant immigration into this country uh, I think we should, uh, primarily for economic reasons, I think we should have, um, some quotas,
Um.
of course, my family and I,
again, again that was, you know,
my grandparents came over during the time when, uh, there were quotas.
So they had to wait, uh, you know, in, uh, certain parts of Europe for years before they were permitted to come over.
Uh-huh.
So, you know,
but, uh I think unrestricted immigration, I think, is not, uh, is not best, uh.
Yeah.
I, I, Well, I agree with that,
I, I think if immigration was entirely unrestricted, uh, not only would, would the United States become over populated, well, more over populated awfully quickly, I think it, it would bring in a lot of, uh, people that are, run out of other countries or in trouble in, in other countries.
I think they'd come here trying to find a new market for their, their brand of crime.
Uh-huh.
Well, you know, there's another aspect of this, too.
They're also, uh, uh, diminishing the, uh, health restrictions which,
I was not aware, aware of that.
Well, yes.
There are, were some, uh, regulations over,
I don't know whether they're laws passed or, or whatever they're called, uh, just recently, where, uh, people with certain diseases cannot be excluded, uh, from, uh, immigration.
Age is one, for example,
and, uh, recently, uh, tuberculosis, which at one time, if you had tuberculosis you could not get into this country uh, they dropped that also.
Uh-huh.
So I think in, in some some ways we are, uh, becoming a little too egalitarian in that, in that sense,
but, uh, I think we should be a little more circumspect about it.
Again, my opinion
Yeah.
Think we've talked long enough?
I think so
All right.
Well, I've enjoyed talking to you.
I, I, I have talked long enough.
Okay
Thanks.
Thank you.
Bye.
Good-bye.
