Okay, uh,
why do you think it, uh, sounds,
do you think we should adopt it?
No,
I don't like metric system.
You don't?
I, I, I think the country is, is, uh, too ingrained in the inches and, and just the general, uh, background,
the history of our country has been inches
and I don't think there's a big advantage in going to the metric system.
Uh-huh.
It, it's going to disorient and confuse a lot of people for years and years
and there are going to be people who die because of it because they don't understand, uh, you know, simple things from the amount of medicine they should take to how fast they can drive and you know how far away something is
Yeah.
and it's, it's not in our national consciousness to do it.
We've always measured things in the English system and, you know, everything, you know,
Yeah.
our land is in acres,
our people aren't going to understand what an amount of something is.
Right.
Yeah,
I, I agree with you.
I don't think we should either even though I know there are benefits to the metric system,
I don't think the benefits of the metric system outweigh the, the disadvantages that would happen to the people in America
Yeah.
and also the, uh,
I don't know
it seems almost like there's this, it's a peer pressure thing is why we keep wanting to do it is so we'll look good to the other nations
because I think they, that's an area that the other nations, especially Europe, look down on us like oh, we're just backward wayward children who still use this backward system, who haven't really attained it yet.
And I feel it's just pride of why they keep trying to push it on us.
And it's like, hey, we're content with this
No,
it's probably not as accurate,
probably, you know, intellectually doesn't,
it's not as sound intellectually, but, like you said I mean, come on.
I had six years of college
and I don't know the metric system and I don't care to learn it
Yeah.
and I'm not some kind of an idiot,
I just,
And it's easy to
we have a computer for just about everything now
and if it's necessary to translate back and forth between them, it can be done
Yeah.
because I'm a mechanical engineer
and I've had to work when I was designing packages for people,
I mean I had to, to work both systems back and forth
Uh-huh.
and it was not hard
and you get, you can get a CAT CAM system that can take any design you want
and you can push a button
and it'll convert every measurement on there you know, from one system to the other in seconds.
Right.
There's a lot of people,
like you're educated,
I'm educated,
my husband is,
but, I mean, a lot of people are flat not educated
and if I have a hard time, you know putting that into my life, can we put that off on the other eighty percent of the population that doesn't have any college
Really.
or I don't know how much of the you know,
Yeah.
but a large percentage probably over half of the rest of the population they don't have any college probably much at all
Absolutely.
and if we can't take it and use it easily, well, how can you put that on, like, elderly people and you know, just people that maybe just aren't blessed with as, as much sharpness and mental acuity,
Oh, yeah,
it's just,
Or, or even have had the ability, you know, the chance to, to go to college or to, to to learn about,
Yeah.
I think it's still good they do cover the system.
I think it should still be taught in schools.
Yeah.
And they do,
I know now because I,
even when I was in elementary school years ago they were, you know, we learned what a centimeter was and a decimeter and the various, you know basically the other alternate forms of measurements, things like that.
Uh-huh.
Right.
Yeah.
And, and that's acceptable.
Yeah,
I think it failed, too,
because like what you said of just, you know, hey this is ridiculous.
The thing Americans have so much stress on them right now.
Yeah
I mean if you look at the average family it's, like, man, they barely have time to stop and get gas, much less to try and figure out how much gas they're really getting and do all this.
Really
It's like, I mean come on let's take the pressure,
You know you need twenty gallons, but do you need how many liters
Yeah,
and it's just like another thing
Yeah.
the American family doesn't need any more pressure.
Just leave them alone,
let them measure their drinking water in cups
and leave them alone
Yeah.
And it, it just doesn't, it just doesn't make that much difference in the average life
and the scientific community and places where it's needed you know, that's fine
Yeah.
and the rest of the world, I mean, we are,
it's not,
we may not be the top,
I don't know if we're the top,
we're one of the top superpowers of the world.
Uh-huh.
That's,
It may be arrogant,
but I mean, let them come to us
That's kind of the way I feel about it.
We can convert,
And, and if they don't like the way we do it just get off our, don't worry about it. And I think,
Yeah,
it, it's kind of like expecting everyone to suddenly speak German. You know.
Right,
it is
because it is another language,
yeah.
Yeah.
And, and, instead of saying the world speak German we found out that we can translate
And that's what I think we ought to do with the metric system.
That's funny.
Well, that's good.
I think we kept it at real good.
Okay.
Is that all we need to say?
Yeah.
It's been nice talking to you.
You, too.
I think that was good.
Okay.
That was the best one.
Usually I get distracted off the topic.
You know what I mean.
Yeah.
And we'll end up, one man was telling me about his grandfather in Lithuania,
and we were talking about something income tax or something.
All right.
And I just,
Well, good talking to you.
Anyway, I appreciate it.
Have a good day.
Bye-bye.
