There we go.
Yeah.
Well, uh, I think the weather lately has been a bit warmer than I would expect this time of year.
I think that's true.
The, uh, the Bermuda grass is greening up in March,
and sometimes doesn't really start doing that until the first part of April.
So. So I think we're a little ahead of schedule on that.
Yeah.
Yeah,
I was out in my yard yesterday afternoon,
and I noticed all that grass coming up,
and I thought, ooh,
we've got to start this mowing bit soon
That's true.
It's been a, a fun break,
but the break is over.
Yeah.
Well, um, oh, I guess another thing I've noticed, too, here lately is that even though we've had some pretty warm days, it's been awfully gray, you know, just,
Yeah,
now, the last couple of weekends have been nice and sunny.
Yeah.
But it seems like every time at work I look out my window it's gray
Well, yeah,
but I'd rather have a sunny weekend than a gray weekend.
Oh, I go for that,
yeah.
Yeah.
In fact, I'm a little worried about this one coming up here.
We have a long weekend
and, it sounds like it's going to be a little bit on the cool side.
Yeah.
I haven't heard whether it's going to rain or not.
I think there's an eighty percent chance this evening,
but it's supposed to be cleared out at least by noon tomorrow
and then the rest will be without rain.
Well, that's good.
But I think the highs are going to be in the sixties, and the lows in the forties.
That's getting back to a little bit chillier.
Yeah,
that probably is a little bit under what it is for this time of year.
I think,
I haven't seen the the weather on the news in the evening lately,
but I think the average high would be, should be about seventy.
Yeah.
I'm not certain either,
but you're probably right.
Yeah.
Well, I like it when it's sort of a medium temperature, uh, maybe seventy-five to eighty, somewhere in there.
I don't like it when it's too cool or too warm.
I'm much more apt to get things done when it's at that sort of in between temperature.
Yeah,
that's true.
Um, one of the remarkable things about the weather in the summertime here is that quite often the average daytime high of say ninety-nine degrees is within five or six degrees of the all time record high.
Um.
And what that tells me, is that the summer weather is very predictable, that it doesn't vary very much.
Yeah.
You're probably right.
I mean, any other time of year, that's not the case, because it could be very warm or very cold.
Yes,
as a matter of fact, I heard the weather the other day on T V
and I think it was one day this week a year ago
Uh-huh.
they said that we had a freeze and some kind of bad weather. You know
Right.
it wasn't just a super bad storm,
but it was it was that sort of thing that we never like to see in the, the late spring time.
Right.
Yeah.
One of the weirdest things I saw, I think it was around this time last year was a twenty-six degree lightening storm.
Oh, wow.
I, you know, I was going into the grocery store,
and a, a lightening bolt was almost directly overhead,
and it was six degrees out.
Um.
And I thought, Well gee, I've, I've never known it to lightening at that temperature.
Yeah,
that, that is pretty unusual.
And you really take notice of it, too.
That's right.
It, uh, it probably was a lot warmer up high.
Sometimes they get those inversions, like when we had that twelve and a half days a few years ago that it never got up as high as freezing.
The air temperature at five thousand feet was fifty degrees.
Um.
The cold weather was just simply trapped along the ground and couldn't get away.
Wow.
I don't, don't like that super cold stuff.
Nope.
I just don't move very well when it's that cold.
Yep,
I, I'm really enjoying this now.
Well, this has been interesting.
Yeah, well.
Not too challenging to the brain.
Not, not a real in depth topic, but enjoyed talking to you.
Nope.
All right, Ellen,
well you have a good day.
Okay.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
