Okay,
so what kind of car are you thinking about getting?
Well, none at the moment
Well, when you decide to.
No,
no,
no.
I currently drive a, a Ford Taurus.
Uh-huh.
And I would I would imagine that if I change or if I get another car, a new car, I will go with the Taurus or something similar, uh, in that regard.
So you like the Ford?
Absolutely.
I have had it for about two years now
Uh-huh.
and it's uh, it's everything it's supposed to be.
Uh, I haven't had a minute's trouble with it
Uh-huh.
and, uh, the only thing I have against it in that's it's a Taurus,
but I still feel a little, even after two years, I still feel uncomfortable driving it, because I had a Honda before that
Uh-huh.
and so it's a little bit larger.
Right.
But that's the only, the only difference that I see, really.
But I would,
my, my criteria would be, at the moment it would be, uh, American, uh, personally,
Uh-huh.
Yeah,
it's the,
this,
the car I had before this one was a Thunderbird as a matter of fact,
Uh-huh.
and, uh, I loved it,
I really did.
But, uh, um, I finally decided to go check out what the, uh, what the, uh, foreign cars were.
So I bought myself a, a, a Nissan a two forty S X.
Uh-huh.
But even though I love the car I've got now, I think my next car will probably be American again because if I can at all do it, I'd like to stay American,
Uh-huh.
I always have, up until now.
I just for one time decided to go outside.
So.
Well, my wife drives a, still has a, a Honda Accord,
Uh-huh.
and it's a very, it's an excellent automobile. And, uh, but, you know, price and so forth,
Uh-huh.
I'm not a real car fan.
So, I, I, I do not, uh, opt for, uh, something that would be, you know, expensive you know,
Right.
I want, I want something that's serviceable, serviceable, something that I can use
Uh-huh.
and, uh, and I,
and with the Taurus,
I have a Taurus, uh, L X,
and it's, you know,
you're talking when you think about price, it's several thousand dollars lower than the comparable Honda or Nissan or something along those lines.
Uh-huh.
And as I said, as far I'm concerned, it, it has been extremely, uh, uh, serviceable and everything I wanted.
Well, Ford's done a real good job in the last, uh, say, ten years or at least the last five to six years, so, of really turning around their, um, quality, I think, um.
Uh-huh.
Oh, I think so too.
Now, I, you know,
in travel and renting automobiles uh, in,
Uh-huh.
I've driven, you know, Chevrolet automobiles and so and Dodge,
and I,
if it's Chevrolet, I just will not touch it.
Um.
Uh, I had a Chevrolet before I bought my Taurus.
I purchased a, a Chevy, um, Citation.
Oh, yeah,
those were not good cars.
And, uh, I was ready to get rid of it two months after I bought it,
Uh-huh.
And, uh, so I, I shopped around,
and I would, I probably, if I had thought I, uh, wanted to pay the amount of money, I probably would have gone with, uh, uh, an Accord or even a, a Civic, or something comparable from Nissan or Toyota,
Uh-huh.
Right.
and, uh, but it was just,
I had, I have a friend who, uh, has a, uh, an auto shop,
and he purchased one of the first Sables that was, uh, manufactured for his wife, a Sable station wagon,
and he just absolutely swore by it.
Uh-huh.
And it was upon his recommendation and so forth for, you know, comparable, comparably equipped, you know, with cruise control and air conditioning and A M F M radio, and all these other things
Uh-huh.
uh, it was just,
there was no, there was no comparison. Uh,
the only thing that I find, you know, if I would have anything against it is that it still has that soft American ride.
Right.
Uh, not, uh,
that's about the only thing I find, you know, disadvantageous to it.
But, my criteria, is simply something that looks good, something that's serviceable,
and I, you know, I drive around a lot,
but, uh, and it's, you know, it's very comfortable on the highway.
I can drive for, you know, ten hours or so and not really be tired in any way.
Uh-huh.
But those are my criteria,
and I, I probably in another six months to a year or something will probably start looking around again,
and if there's something out there that, uh, is comparable to what I have now, I'll go ahead and get it.
Uh-huh.
You know, the only thing I'm looking, at right now, um,
I just, I just bought, you know, the Nissan that I've got about, uh, say, nine months ago,
I guess it was
So the only thing that, that would get me to change cars right now would be if,
see, at the moment I'm single,
and if I were to get married and have a family that would have to have something to do with it.
But, uh, I don't have any plans for probably another two, three years of even looking, you know.
Uh-huh.
Uh, cars are too expensive right now to, uh to even think about buying new cars every couple of years, you know
I,
yeah.
it's
In our parking lots, uh, two or three days ago I saw one of the new Honda sports cars.
Uh-huh.
Uh, I, I can't remember what the name is.
It's the thirty-five or forty thousand dollar one, whatever it is,
and it looked, it resembled a Mazaratti of very, very closely.
Um.
And it's an absolutely beautiful automobile and well appointed and so forth,
Uh-huh.
but to pay that much money for an automobile, uh, is just,
I can't, I can't conceive of doing that
Yeah,
that's, uh,
I went to a, a car show down here about, uh, about two weeks ago,
and, um, you know, of course they had the normal, the Ford, the, the Chevrolet, that stuff.
But then you started looking at the, uh, uh,
they had Ferrari there, they had, uh, B M W and all these other kinds of cars.
And Ferrari didn't even let you near the car,
I mean, they were,
that's how expensive they were.
Uh-huh.
And then you saw, uh, hundred thousand dollar cars,
you saw eighty thousand dollar cars,
and even, even though I, I, I do enjoy cars, I enjoy, um, driving them, I enjoy, uh, riding in them and everything, but, I can't see buying, or paying more for a car than I would for a house, you know.
That's true. Well,
That doesn't seem likely.
The difference there is, too, uh, is between us is that I am not really crazy about driving.
Uh-huh.
I never have been, since, you know, my parents had to force me to get my driver's license when I was young when I was sixteen.
Uh-huh.
So I've never really cared.
Now, what I was, you know,
before I was married and before I went to graduate school, I used to do little sports car racing.
I never, it was never my own car
Uh-huh.
it was always someone else's.
And that sort of thing I enjoy,
but to go out and drive, uh, never has really been, had any appeal to me in that regard.
Uh-huh.
So Well I guess we've discussed that enough
don't you think.
I think so.
We won't, we don't, we won't get the recorder or the, uh, system to shut us off, uh, tonight.
That's happened to me almost every time I've,
That's happened to me once,
So, uh,
Well, it's very easy when you get a you get on a topic that, you know, you enjoy.
Yeah,
like, uh, I think the one time I did it was on the Mid, the Mid East, the crisis out there.
Oh, yeah.
That was, had a great conversation,
but, uh, then they came off and told us we couldn't do it any more.
So.
Well I was talking to a lady last evening,
and we were talking about fishing,
and, uh, we were cut off, well,
we were told to quit.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, you have a pleasant evening.
You too.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
Good-bye.
