Okay,
do you want to go first?
Well, I could barely hear what the switchboard operator was saying as what was the topic.
Fitness and exercise.
Oh, God
No,
why don't you go first.
Okay,
um, I like to do, uh, weight training and, and cycling. And just walking, uh, swimming.
I used to do a lot of basketball and running and volleyball until I had some knee surgery last fall.
And the doctor said that running and jumping isn't real good for my knee anymore,
so I had to kind of change my life-style a little bit
Well, let me ask a personal question,
how old are you?
Thirty-eight.
Oh, well then you should
see over thirty-five everything goes downhill flop .
Well, the rest of me is in pretty good shape
it's just that left knee that just doesn't want to do everything it used to.
Oh, you're lucky then
because I've battled arthritis all my life,
Really?
I mean even since I was like about two or three.
Oh.
Then they diagnosed it,
and usually most people are just absolutely crippled,
and, uh, I do water aerobics. Religiously do water aerobics,
Oh, I bet that helps.
Uh-huh.
I used to do it about six times a week
and now I'm down to about four
but it's about the only thing that keeps my mobility in in there,
uh, I tried weight training
and I'm telling you, you just, I just can't lift the things.
Yeah.
And the shock on the system is, is just too much,
so I have stuck to water aerobics basically, you know, the weightless thing and, trying to keep this shape that way
Yeah.
but, you know, it's hard to find.
I mean it's really hard to find a place that's going to offer water aerobics because what I'm finding is that if they do offer it, you get the crowd of women that are,
I think they feel this is going to be an effortless sweatless way, to get in shape, without having to spend anything
That's right.
That's right.
or it's the geriatric crowd.
That's right.
So, I've considered even becoming licensed to teach it.
Well, I mean, if, if you know what your routine is, you can do that by yourself,
and you probably do.
Yeah,
but you have to have an indoor pool.
This is true.
So, to find an indoor pool where either you can do this by yourself without, you know, drawing a lot of looks, means you're really going to do a strenuous workout activity
you look very odd in the water,
Well, that,
that was the one place where I was also able to do weight training,
and that does look very odd in the water.
I can believe that.
Have you tried the, uh, the pool at the Spring Creek Fitness Center?
No,
and you know, that's the only place I haven't tried
and people have told me.
Now that's the Texins facility?
Yes.
I have been told that thing is just lovely.
It is.
They keep it at eighty-one degrees year-round.
Huh.
do you use that facility a lot?
Um, a fairly, a fairly good amount, uh, more on the weekends,
uh, I try to beat the traffic in the mornings when I workout in the mornings, I try to come down to the Dallas Fitness Center.
Huh.
Do you know if they have child care there?
Um, have you done your attitude survey for this year yet?
You need to put that on there, seriously.
They don't,
I don't, I don't work at T I.
Oh, you don't?
No,
I used to work at T I,
Oh.
as matter of fact I was the only woman that they had in the field in a management position
actually when I was working there I was the only woman that was pretty much in the industry
and I used to fill out those attitude surveys,
Yeah.
and, uh, uh, me and the insurance adjusters are, are very familiar with each other
and my husband still works there,
Yeah.
and, um, I get my attitude expressed through them,
but I find it to be very
sometimes it's kind of shoot yourself in the foot mentality to save a few bucks.
This is true.
Uh, and never having lived in Texas before I starting working for T I
and I came down here
and, you know, they did an attitude survey like six weeks after I had been working here
and I asked about, you know, day care for the shift workers,
Yeah.
and boy I was pulled in by my manager and told that you just don't say that, you know,
Well, it's not,
it was not applicable to me
and I was kind of horrified.
Now what year are we talking about?
We're talking nineteen seventy-eight.
Okay,
uh, things have become much more enlightened since then.
They couldn't have gotten anymore in the dark ages
Yeah,
you know, we still don't have a day care facility
but people are more sympathetic to it.
I understand, I understand that they're now covering women's preventative health care,
Yes.
Yes.
and, uh, the reason I'm at home is when I had my kids, and I was scheduled to go back and I tell you how much in the dark ages it was. Um, I had been rated number one in the field
and then I took, uh,
when I became pregnant I also got meningitis, and then delivered the first baby three months early,
Oh.
My gosh.
and they put the baby on a heart lung monitor when I took her home,
and the insurance carrier was not going to cover this because it was considered preventative treatment.
Could you hold the phone for one second,
Sure.
Thanks.
Okay,
I'm back.
And then they used to, uh,
and then I had a second one eighteen months later,
they told me to put them back to back
and, of course, to maintain
and I was flat on my back for the last five months with the second one, because that's when I go into labor four and a half months
Wow.
and I don't even know it.
Of course it's real easy to take care of the first one when you're on your back.
Oh, yeah,
very easy,
very easy
and they, they put me on twenty-four hour fetal monitoring then to, to try to control the labor and see how far it was going,
and after the baby was born, since it wasn't premature, then they said they wouldn't cover the cost of the monitor.
I think that's kind of when my husband hit the roof, because it was a, uh, thirteen thousand dollar bill,
Really.
but after the second baby was born I was going to go back to work,
Yeah.
and that was when they had,
God it would have been the eighty-five layoff,
Yeah.
and I'll tell you how they handled this
and I was just outraged,
I did not know that since I was on personal leave of absence that I had been, uh, terminated until I filed my insurance claims about four months later
and they didn't have any coverage under my name
and I went back
and I said what the hell is going on here, you know.
Yeah,
really.
And they told me that, uh, oh, well, you know, you know, your husband works here
and he's got a good salary
we didn't think that you'd be coming back anyway,
and, uh, you know, we've got people here that really, you know, need to be working
and so that we had just,
you know, it was, this way we didn't have to layoff an active person
and we'd just let you go.
And it took me about a year of arguing,
I said, you know, I've got to put this in writing to me, and because until they put it in writing, I couldn't get my insurance benefits
Yeah.
and I couldn't get my, uh, termination benefits either.
There you go.
I was just pissed as hell that they could do that.
I, I can believe that.
But I, I guess things have gotten better,
I've been told that this flex hour and those kind of things ,
Oh, yeah,
flex time is great.
I still don't think that, they after my experiences that they could, you know, get me to go back, ever again
I, I can understand.
I can understand.
Well, it's been good talking with you.
But let me ask you this, since you use Texans,
how much is it a month?
Oh, shoot it's only about ten bucks a month.
Now that's for individual.
Yeah,
I mean, uh, to add dependents is, is you know, maybe another dollar or something
it's no big deal.
That's it?
Yeah.
Now if you, if you pay your monthly charge, do you then pay separately for classes your taking?
Uh, you do for classes, for classes,
but to, I mean to use any of the facilities is, is no extra charge.
God, that's cheap.
Yeah,
it is.
That's really cheap.
Do you have to be an active T I employee to join Texans or, Or a
Or, or a
or a dependent of one.
God, I am so dependent these days.
Really.
It's a sense
Oh, seen that my, my co-dependents have turned on the hose and are getting my neighbor's fence.
Wonderful.
Yeah
So my position for management to domestic goddess has been an adjustment
but boy, I think I'm going to go contact Texans.
I really think I am,
Yeah.
I mean, that beats any offer I've heard in a long time.
Oh, yeah,
it's great.
Huh.
All righty.
When you're there on weekends is it crowded as hell?
Uh, well, it would depend on when you go
it's not, it's not excessively crowded on the weekends.
See I'd want to be there in the mornings like from nine thirty to ten thirty
Oh, I don't think that would be bad at all.
If you're in Richardson you'd probably wanted to come to the, to the Dallas site.
Oh, I'm actually right on the Plano line.
Oh, well, then you could go either one,
Yeah.
the Spring Creek one is a lot more modern, has a lot more niceties, amenities
and you'd probably like the pool there.
Oh, God it sounds like I would.
I might do that then.
Okay,
I learned something here.
Well, good.
I'm glad.
You can go back to work now.
Well, thank you.
Thank you.
You have a good day.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
