Okay .
Are you a T I
or,
No,
I'm not.
Oh, really,
that's great.
Uh, my daughter talked to a student.
Uh, in general most of them, uh, people doing this are T I
but I guess customers too, huh?
And, I think a great number of students who got word of it and participated in general and voiced who heard about the program.
Yeah.
T I got, uh, a lot of advances in it really.
Uh, hopefully this will turn out to be a good program for us.
We sure need, uh, the business.
Okay,
Current Events.
Uh, you, you've got the question you can go first there, since I called.
I rely primarily on, uh, newspaper combined with television.
Huh, that,
you're the opposite of me.
I drive an hour each way to work
and so if I just use time
and not say one, which quality is the best,
I guess, that would be two hours roughly of talk shows and news on radio
and then newspapers and T V would be tied after that because maybe I'll catch the, the evening news, like ten o'clock on T V
and I,
Uh.
so that's a half an hour roughly the same with newspaper.
Okay.
I really,
of course, you, you're in a different part of the country,
I, I really listen to a lot of the talk shows, I don't mean the gossip ones,
but there's a lot
of, on the weekends when I do chores, or whatever,
I'm a radio hound I guess,
I take the radio with me when I'm working on my car, the lawn or whatever,
and turn on,
they have everything from lawn work, lawyers, news, uh, veterinarians, all kinds of items, uh,
so I'm, I'm a real radio buff, especially on the when I'm doing chores.
That's rather interesting.
Yeah,
I find it surprising. Because a lot of times, it, here, you know,
I'll talk to some people here
and I'll mention someone's, some talk host
and I'll expect them to have an opinion on why I don't like him and don't listen,
they don't even know, you know, what the guys name is, uh. Bruce Williams who does financial work all over the United States.
Most people haven't heard of Bruce Williams.
You probably haven't either unless you're a radio buff.
I'd, I'd have to say I haven't either.
He is in New Jersey and is entrepreneur and kind of a self-made millionaire.
And, he has it,
I,
well it's five seventy here,
I'm trying to,
it's on Cliff,
I don't know what the,
he's on all stations.
You might remember the name Bruce Williams,
and he, he is again, national and talks about a lot of financial things.
But, the here, I just get a kick out of, uh,
well we do a lot of gardening here,
so there's,
we have an excellent gardener here,
has three hours on Sunday and three hours on Saturday.
Of course that's not exactly current events.
But, I, I'm, I am kind of a radio buff.
I listen to the radio, uh, probably five or six hours a week,
but almost inevitably to a station that is a classical, uh, station here  ,  for music purposes.
For music?
We don't use the radio as a wake up,
we have our, a television connected to a, uh, uh, electronic alarm, uh, system that kicks in,
Yeah.
and it comes on with C N N in the morning.
Oh, yeah.
That's good.
Actually,
That
we,  we wake up to television news and, uh, uh, shower and dress, and whatever to that,
and then because of the fact that my wife and I ride to work together, uh, in a car, we, we chat at each other rather than, than something else.
Oh, that's good.
Uh, and occasionally what we'll each do depending on whoever is driving is have the newspaper sort of on our lap on the way in, in the car,
so we have the advantage of being able to, uh, read and drive although there seems to be, from what I've seen on the freeway recently that a fair number of people are reading and driving
My wife always wonders about that
she says, look at that person he's driving and reading at the same time
So, we, we rely pretty, pretty heavily, I think, on a combination of the, of the two.
I also, uh, use, uh, NEWSWEEK magazine. Uh,
Yeah.
we tend to alternate between NEWSWEEK and TIME and whatever happens to be the, the, uh, news magazine of the year for us.
Right.
we get,
and, uh,  I read sporadically of commentary and a couple of other, you know, trade magazines, and, uh, uh, such as that, uh, where I might read the, the occasional social and even current event commentaries, and, and everything as diverse as A C M to, uh, uh, some of the, uh, some of the other tabloids I get.
So, uh, I guess I use about eighty percent written, is probably my input and twenty percent, uh, television.
I, I think I respect the, from a journalistic perspective current events.
Go ahead ,
I've always said that it, it's really not interesting unless it's three weeks old and found its way into a news weekly headline.
Good point.
That's a good point.
Uh, other than that it was a at best.
Oh, yeah.
It comes and goes.
Uh, we're probably  not thrilled with our only newspaper that we have in Raleigh.
There, there are other, uh, uh,
I'm not sure what you would call them, they the small, uh, competing independent sort of newspapers.
Little small weekly things,
but there's only one daily, uh, called the NEWS AND OBSERVER, fondly referred to here by some as the, uh, uh, sometimes the Noise and Observer.
Yeah.
Uh, it  depends.
It, it's, has decent national coverage, but has an extremely focused political coverage, probably steeped in,  the southern history  and the fact that this is a Democratic State.
Local you mean?
And, uh, consequently everything is filtered through that, uh, Republican Democratic sort of, glass, almost unnecessarily
Yeah.
so.
Yeah.
Don't they have city council meetings and all that.
Are you into any of that what, what's going on in the city council and the, and the school boards and all that?
We have that addition to our paper.
Yeah,
we, we have,
that is, uh,
as a matter of fact they update it once a week with a special section,
we, and we pay it sort of glancing nod.
We, uh, have a very good friend who is, uh, tapped into the city planning structure. Uh, our developer architect friend
and,
Okay
, you get it from people then.
Right.
So, I think we find out what's happening in the city, uh, on a fairly frequent basis, over a, over a gin and tonic sort of thing.
Yeah.
Right.
Uh, and that probably gives us a better insight as to the city of Raleigh than, than the paper would have anyway.
My wife and I, you know, as mentioned,
the question was, uh, do you get it from people too.
And, and, I can say the same thing you do that, uh, my wife is, uh, she reads the paper from front to back
and so she'll tell me some stuff
and she'll always get mad and say, you didn't read the, uh,
well, I always read the sports, uh,
what am I thinking of, uh, the commentaries,
I can't even think of what it is offhand,
and she's always reading something,
and she says, why haven't you read that.
And, I say, I never have time to read it like you do.
But, I always get a lot of my information from the, newspaper through her.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh, so, I guess we do get it from people too.
Oh, you mentioned C N N, of course I mentioned radio and the C N N T V news, you know?
Uh-huh.
It's the same thing that's on the radio, word for word.
Is that right? I'll heard there was some stuff on the, on the radio that was equivalent to C N N.
Yeah
Okay.
and it,
because, uh,
we have it here at work as a matter if fact, at T I.
Okay.
We have it in the break area, C N N.
And, but the reason I say that is on the radio they'll say and look at this, you know.
And when I first heard C N N, it only started about, uh, since the war, you know, or right before that.
And, they would always say and look at this,
and there would be a pause, you know, would be music and stuff
and I realized that it's the exact commentary that you have on the, uh, the news.
Oh,
That didn't, uh,
Yeah,
yeah.
But, it's still good.
It's still, uh, uh, you know,
you don't really miss anything.
Uh-huh.
But, I do, do enjoy since the Gulf War listening to C N N radio too, as well as watching C N N on T V here at work.
I don't have C N N at home.
Let me turn this radio off,
I'm actually at work right now believe it or not.
Uh, where was I,
I'm,
go ahead,
your, your turn.
Uh, we probably were listening to C N N fairly heavily before the war broadcasts began.
Uh, we almost live and, and breathed it for, because during the war itself to the point where we began to sort of have household pact of lets turn the war off and get something done.
Yeah,
I've, I've heard that,
yeah.
Uh, almost an addition,  uh,
and, and, and we could equate or relate relay well to some of the newspaper and television articles about the fact that people where having this problem in, in unhooking, uncoupling from the events, and going on with their.
So,
Right
instead of being, watching the missiles and being glued to the tube or whatever. Uh,
and because of that we began towards the middle and of the war, I guess about two and a half or three weeks in, we began to restrict our news almost deliberately where we would, uh, watch, uh, fifteen minutes before, fifteen minutes after six our time which would be national news, or our local news.
We would watch C N N until six thirty, then we would watch, uh, a rotating network news of either, uh, A B C, C B S, or N B C
and we, we sort of just rotated around the dial each night a different one.
Right.
and then we would turn the television off
and we were sort of limiting or dieting ourselves on, on news that way.
And, then we would do a similar thing, uh, at uh, ten forty-five because, uh, C N N would be wrapping their hourly coverage up
and then we would get the local coverage, uh,
and then I think the local coverage we would tend to watch the same station that would, would have better state coverage rather than local coverage.
Uh, three of the networks here, on their local news, uh,
that
if, if you wish to listen at eleven o'clock you can find out who raped who, murdered who, or stole what. from whom.
Oh, yeah.
And, that was the sort of thing that I would say is the best MUMBLEx
and not news
Yeah.
unless there's some trend or something that says, Jesus this neighborhood has been hit forty-seven times or whatever. Uh, that's, that's sort of more of, of a pattern news.
I never get home early enough for those five and six o'clock,
