Okay,
Dee, are you familiar with the Latin American policies?
Yeah,
to a point,
it's not my best subject.
Really,
yeah
it's not mine either,
but, uh, I know, I know our policy,
like in Nicaragua, I am familiar with that because we have, uh, some friends that live on the Nicaraguan border
and they are missionaries there
and they, they live there
and they have to travel by boat forty-five minutes to get to their car and stuff,
and uh, I know that they helped a lot of those Sandanistas refugees coming across the border
and they housed them and stuff.
They have been down there about three years now,
and they wrote that it's kind of weird
they have bats in their roof,
but the bats eat the bad spiders
so they leave the bats, you know.
So.
Yeah.
It's a whole, whole different culture
or, It, it's weird down there because there's always lizards and things running around that people live there,
Uh-huh.
they just, they take it for granted
and it's like we go down there on vacation,
it's like oh, how can these people live with these lizards and like bats in their house?
Yeah.
I think their policy with them that though, is, uh,
I don't know,
I think,
I wish we would have just,
I'm not that up on the policy of ways.
I know that's kind of old,
but I don't know,
I just, I'm glad that the Sandanistas aren't in power anymore because I think that they were very wicked. And, uh, probably some of the biggest drug dealers that the world has probably ever seen,
and I feel like most of the leaders in Latin America are probably,
you would be safe to say that they were just very very, you know, big into drugs.
Very very corrupt, like the Panamanians are, were very corrupt.
Right.
The thing about it though is the Panamanians is, a lot of servicemen down there.
A lot of, a lot of American servicemen are involved,
Uh-huh.
because I guess there was a big, big, uh, scam that, that all these guys up.
Thousands of servicemen, got caught for running a drug ring.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
So, it's, it's like everybody is into it,
it's just greed. Human greed.
Yeah.
Interestingly in Honduras, It's very pro-American.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
And we have I,
my girlfriend used to, uh, be in the Navy
and she was based, uh, based in Panama.
Uh-huh.
In Honduras, very, uh, uh, pro-American.
Uh-huh.
And there's a lot of men, I don't know how many American, uh,
soldiers are there,
but there's a lot.
I mean, they, uh,
and you can't, the American government you can't trust them either, because you think, you don't know how corrupt they are. I mean they keep people in power like the Shah of Iran and, things like that,
Uh-huh.
I mean, it's the lesser of two evils,
they will probably say this is the lesser of two evils.
Yeah.
But I don't know how corrupt the Honduran government is.
But the,
Yeah,
they need to have more checks and balances in their government to get rid of the corruption. But I think first though,
I don't know,
they need to, I think they need the repentance on the leadership of the different nations for all their, uh, you know the atrocities that they commit and the drug dealings, and in the, just in the drug crimes,
because I feel like a lot of the leadership in those nations are so engrossed in the drug crimes that until they repent or they are moved from power, that you know,
because there are so many of them that the next one to come up, if you just knock one off and then have another one,
and I know a lot of those nations, there's, uh, Brazil, I know, is like forty percent evangelical Christian. Not just go to church but, you know, really on fire for God,
and they are just surpassing America, Latin America by the drugs.
You know, it's just incomprehensible,
and, uh, so I just think that, I think that God is going to honor that and that he is going to put in some good leadership,
and I know, the president of, I believe Costa Rica is a Christian.
And he goes to, no Guatemala, because he goes to virgo church in Guatemala City.
The church is in real close relationship with him.
And he is a former president of Guatemala.
He's an elder at virgo church
and, you know that, that God is doing something
and he is raising up some leaders
and the people want him back as president bad,
but they have a rule in Guatemala that he can't have another term
and so the, the people are trying to override that, I mean not just the Christians, but all the people because they see when a righteous man is in authority, the people rejoice.
Yeah,
good.
See, that's the thing,
that it's going, have to,
Yeah.
that's the undoing of everything,
and it's the,
we have no morals, when we, talk about the crime and all that in the city,
it's just the kids have no morals.
Right.
That's the thing that will eventually, you know,
if anyone is going to be saved.
Uh-huh.
It is having a good moral background.
And it's funny you mention Costa Rica, because they are just, they are one of the most successful and peaceful countries, in Central America.
Uh-huh,
yeah.
So, I was reading an article in the, uh, National Geographic
and, I don't know,
I don't think they have any more money than any of the other countries,
Uh-huh.
they don't have oil or anything,
and they don't have big tourism.
So maybe it is their faith that enables them to keep the crime out.
Uh-huh.
I know that Costa Rica, they don't allow anybody to come that, uh, to come any, uh, what do you call, what do you call immigrants?
They don't allow anything like that
like I could not go to Costa Rica and live as an American citizen.
They would not permit me to live there to work.
They wouldn't.
Their jobs are there for Costa Ricans.
They don't allow people to move in, like less nations, you know,
They don't, they don't probably take a lot of refugees from other countries either.
take the job.
No
they don't take any.
I mean I couldn't even go there.
My husband had to receive all this special permission to go,
so even with, uh, you know, in, uh, inner company, you know, transfer, or something,
and I have another friend in, uh, Costa Rica that,
she was born there.
She's Costa Rican.
I guess I do know a little bit.
I went to Mexico City one time and stayed.
I have been there twice and stayed
and, that, aw, that was just really sad.
But, a lot of it though is their debt.
I think that we should not loan them anymore money,
that if we still want to give them money, give them money, quit loaning it to them.
You're not going to get it back.
Don't be indebted to anybody.
Don't be the loaner or borrower.
It's just not good.
We need to, if we feel like we need to give them money then give it to them,
but quit loaning all the money out.
Which I don't think we are loaning anymore now,
but that's how we got into a problem.
If we got, the,
we have, we went in the hole by us loaning them all of these billions of dollars.
That's common sense,
you could just look at it and say they're not going to be able to pay us back.
Yeah
also, uh, uh, Mexico, uh, we will loan the money in uh,
a lot of the higher, the higher people, were just stealing it and, building these beautiful homes, and nice ranches and things.
Uh-huh.
Right.
Uh-huh.
So we are, we're suckers.
Yeah,
we, we are, it's like we are partly responsible for their problems by loaning them all that money,
that was really stupid on our part to even loan it to them.
You don't loan money to people like that.
I mean if you feel like you need to give them something to help them out, fine,
but you don't go making billions of dollars of loans in, to people that you can just look at the situation,
They know they're not going to pay it back.
Yeah,
and know that they are going to be capable of paying us back,
and that puts a bondage on them.
It makes, you know, pressure on the nation, and on the people, and on the leadership, and makes their inflation go up,
and it's just a big mess.
Did you go to Mexico City, uh, anywhere near when the earthquake hit.
No,
but I knew people,
I was there before that,
but I knew people,
I got a letter from a friend of mine that I had met there, that who, who the apartment building was destroyed
and they were living in a tent,
so it's kind of weird, you know.
To these people who were on U S dive, the Mexican diving, we went to the pool together, and watched them dive and all this,
so they were you know, just normal people, weren't squatters or poor people or anything that, uh,
I did, I knew all of my friends there,
but none of them that I know of, got killed in it.
But, uh, they're all Christians though.
God really protected them.
See that broke out a revival in Mexico City. That C B S news and A B C never told you about.
There's been a real revival in Mexico City since that earthquake, because there's a lot of, you know there's a lot of sin in those nations and a lot, lots of witchcraft, a lot of witchcraft. A whole lot of witchcraft. So, a lot of it in the name of Christianity.
Oh, I can imagine.
Oh, really.
Oh, yeah.
There's a lot, you know
they call themselves Christians,
but you know they are over there doing witchcraft and stuff, and just a whole lot of the generational things too, like the Mayans and the Incas.
You can't find a trace of them because God totally destroyed them for how wicked they were.
And yet, they are revered and honored and almost worshiped by
so many people,
even now in America, you know, we wouldn't know the truth with all of Indian groups that were totally removed from the face of the earth, because of how wicked they were.
I've been down to the pyramids
and I have climbed to the top of the pyramid where they used to take a beating heart out of a young thirteen year old boy,
and they hold it up to the sun God,
and that's pretty of heavy duty.
Yeah,
is, is there still blood stains on the altar
or has it worn away through the years?
I don't think so.
The little box is black on the top of the pyramid in the sun.
It's black,
so
yeah,
you can't really tell,
but it was kind of weird, you know,
you think, wow there is where they did sacrifices to false Gods.
Do you get spooked, you feel,
or do you get butterflies in your stomach when you go there?
Because,
Uh, at that time, I kind of did.
It really impressed me, just you know, feeling
but I wasn't a Christian when I went there,
but, uh, I think that a lot of those, those you know, generational things
I think, that God sees I'm praying, you know,
that keeps the Christians that are beginning to rise up there to be able to pray, because that does affect that things, you know, in your background.
