Yeah,
so, uh, what are your favorite T V shows?
One that I can't find anymore which is GABRIEL'S FIRE.
Oh, I haven't watched that very much,
is that,
do you like that?
Yes.
When was that on?
It was usually on, um, Thursday nights.
On A B C?
I don't know
Oh, oh, yeah,
well, um, um, it may be that, um, it was recently replaced, by actually by, um, by what may be my favorite T V show of, because sort of, uh, um, TWIN PEAKS.
It was same time period,
yes.
Yeah,
so, TWIN PEAKS, um, what happened was, I think, TWIN PEAKS, um, went, went off, they moved to a Saturday night for a while. And then put, and then put something, I guess, GABRIEL'S FIRE on it, and at Thursday nights,
and then they moved, um,
no,
GABRIEL'S FIRE was on C B S, I think,
I, I take that back.
I'm not sure,
but anyway they moved it back and forth
and that's when PEAKS was back in that time slot as well.
So, I don't know.
You don't know what happened to GABRIEL'S FIRE then?
No,
I have no idea.
I don't think, I don't think that was on A B C, anyway I don't know what happened to it though.
I don't remember one, from one station to another.
I keep forgetting one station.
What's your second favorite?
Um, it's hard to say
I'm sort of a very big TWIN PEAKS fan,
and beyond that I just sort of watch anything that happens to be on.
I'm, I'm, half the time I'm a T V addict
and the other half the time I just ignore it
it's really bad.
Yeah,
there's some new shows that I sort of like, um,
have you seen this SHANNON FIELD SHOW
or, uh, it's about a lawyer, it's one of these lawyer shows, you know,
they seem to be popular these days.
And there's a lot of those Blair shows floating around.
Oh, is he the reformed, um, gambler?
Yeah.
Yes,
yes,
yes.
I just like I just finished watching that a few minutes ago,
Um, and it
and, that, that's a interesting one.
I, I, I like that, because there's, there are ,
I've noticed that every, every major station now has their own law show.
There's L A LAW,
and there's, um, EQUAL JUSTICE, some other one, LAW AND ORDER or something.
Do you like the law shows
or,
I really don't watch that much T V,
what I do is I tape the programs I want to watch,
and then on the nights I can watch, I'll pick out something.
That, that makes logic ,
But, um,
also saves a lot of time with commercials.
you're not kidding.
Do you ever watch AMERICAN GLADIATORS?
Oh, I have.
I've, I've, I watched that late, um,
I guess it's on late Saturday nights or something,
Midnight.
that's entering the day as well.
Midnight.
Have you, have, have you seen this often?
I tape it.
Oh, really?
Yeah,
I tape it because I don't stay up that late to watch it,
Yeah.
I tape it.
But I understand, uh, that in England, they play it at normal times because they don't consider that violent,
and the reason they have it on here so late is because they consider it a violent program.
Really?
I,
And, I'm like, I don't believe this.
That don't,
it , it, it seems like,
I mean, if wrestling is prime time, professional wrestling, it seems like it's just, just, just like pros in a wrestling to me,
I don't, I don't see any difference though,
I don't either.
I, I don't understand it,
they consider it violent.
I have so ever ,
I have seen it on, where we are ,
I live in, uh , Rochester, New York,
and I think a,
You're in New York?
Yes.
Oh.
Where are you?
I'm in Dallas, Texas.
You're, uh,
everybody I speak to is in Texas, oh, oh,
yeah,
but I'm, I'm in New York
and, uh, we seem, we seem to have, um,
I think the AMERICAN GLADIATORS is on Sunday afternoons actually around here as well, sometimes.
Oh, really?
I think it's been on,
I think I've seen it during the day.
Oh.
Definitely seen it on, on, during the day down there ,
and I don't think it's a very violent show,
I think it's funny.
I think it's a real good concept,
I think it's something completely new.
I think it's great.
I love watching a microbiologist fighting off with a policemen or something else,
and competition.
I'm going oh, great, you know,
it's a, it's a great role model for everybody.
I think so,
I think because people sort of get through, you know, um, I think that people sort of learn the importance of sort of physical fitness as well as the, as well as, you know, some mental fitness
and I think that people sort of learn good sportsmanship and so forth.
Oh, yes,
I mean, when I had, uh,
I was watching it, the, first time I ever saw a microbiologist on there I thought well, it just goes to prove it has nothing to do with your physical capabilities.
And, uh, there she was terrific,
she was really terrific.
Well, don't they take people who have some sort of, um, big abilities like
and, and at least they used to when it, when it,
the first ones I saw they had, um, a man on who was, uh, he played college football and almost went pro,
and they had a, a woman who was a black belt in karate
and she was the, uh, she was in the junior Olympics or something
or they seem to have people who have very, very big sports backgrounds.
To have
they, leaned away from that sort of,
They hold competitions in Los Angeles in, um, Florida and Minneapolis, um,
trying to think of,
I think it's in four places around the United States.
They hold competition
and the only requirement is, of course, your skill of passing these tests,
Oh, that's  how they do it.
and that's it.
And we had a bar man from here in Dallas area that made it.
Really?
There is a woman that, uh, made,
well, she called herself a craft person
so, I'm not quite sure what she made.
And, uh, she made it.
I mean there is no,
your occupation has nothing to do with it.
Yeah,
okay,
I just thought they had some,
Strictly your skill.
yeah,
I thought they had some sort of,
I mean, I thought they were just poor people like us I guess not,
that's great.
Huh-uh.
But, maybe I'll try it one day.
I'll get on there one day and see if I can, uh, um,
what, what do they win,
they, they win money I think, don't they?
I think the last I heard was it's up to about a hundred fifty thousand dollars.
Really?
Uh-huh.
Wow.
All that for getting tennis balls shot at you at a hundred miles an hour.
Yeah,
that's, you know, just minor.
Just minor little ball here or there, you know.
One little ball here and there,
yeah,
and this guy's beating you up,
so, I don't know the beating up part.
I, I actually feel the tennis balls would hurt.
Oh, well, they, they come out with a lot of bruises too.
They look like,
Yeah,
they seem like a tennis ball
but it almost doesn't look like it's almost livable
yeah,
the best
I, I don't think I could, I, I could handle those tennis balls.
So, what else to you tape besides AMERICAN at,
there anything else?
Hey,
Huh?
see I tape MURDER SHE WROTE.
Okay.
I like mysteries.
Oh, okay.
I like mysteries.
I tape, um, FATHER DOWLING, because that's another mystery,
Uh-huh.
and I don't have to concentrate too hard on them.
But, I'm sure that's fun.
Um, most of the lawyer programs like, uh, LAW AND ORDER, they're not on the times that I've got, that I've watched because I haven't had T got, T V GUIDE around here in ages.
Uh-huh.
Oh, okay,
well, they seem to be on later,
Yeah.
all,
always right, right before the news is when I catch them.
I, I tend to, if nothing else is in the town television at eleven o'clock just to watch the news, and or, or NIGHTLINE or something, just sort of get a good, you know, a good, a good think for the day.
Your news is on at eleven?
Yes.
When is yours on?
Ten,
I was just in the middle of watching it.
Oh, gosh,
well, I'm sorry I interrupted, um,
Oh, that's okay.
Yeah,
ours is on,
No problem.
actually it,
ours is on at eleven
it, it's, um, eleven o'clock now here or eleven twenty-five now here in New York.
Um, I think they they do that,
I think they put things on at, um, eleven o'clock here
and I think they put it like eleven o'clock, um, California time, like in California
but in the middle they sort of, um,
like central time or mountain time they, they push things back.
So, I was actually, actually
I'm not sure
, I was in, I was in Iowa awhile ago, and noticed that everything was an hour earlier,
so, does your prime time start at seven o'clock?
No,
well, they have it at six
and they have it at nine,
Wait,
no,
no,
and they have one at ten.
not, not even the news
but do they have like, um,
do like sort of all the regular sitcoms and so forth, start at seven o'clock?
You,
so, like, you know, the regular television shows that are, that are very popular, do they start at, seven or, or at eight?
I'm trying to think.
Both,
um, let's see they start, um,
EVENING SHADE at seven
and then it goes to, um,
what is it after EVENING, um,
Right,
because that would the eight o'clock here.
that's MAJOR DAD at eight I think it is.
Yeah,
that, that would all start at, at, um, that would all start at, at eight o'clock here,
that wouldn't start at seven.
We have, um,
at seven o'clock we just have, um,
the,
they'll play, you know, they have old reruns of CHEERS or something from seven to seven thirty, and then something else from seven thirty to eight
Huh.
and ours start at, at, at, at eight and end at eleven,
that's why we
. I, I would actually like it better if everything started at seven and ended at ten.
Yeah,
it's, it's stopped around here at ten
and it goes into night programs, at that point which could be one of, you know, many different night programs
but it goes into night programs.
Oh, that's great.
But, uh, do you ever watch CHEERS?
Oh, all the time.
Do you watch CHEERS
Oh, yeah,
oh, yeah.
it's at,
that was actually a big dilemma for me now because, um, CHEERS, CHEERS and TWIN PEAKS are now on the same time,
