Okay.
What, uh, go ahead and tell me about your home
Well, my home at the moment is an apartment.
Oh, is that right?
Yeah
I work here in Germantown,
but I live in Pensacola, Florida.
Oh, that's interesting.
So, I own a home in Pensacola,
and, uh, let's see,
we are to compare homes. Correct?
Okay.
Yeah.
Uh, my home is, well, is typical for the area.
I live in a development, uh,
it's a relatively, I would say, well,
God, it sounds like, sounds like I'm bragging
No,
that's okay
But it's upper middle class, uh, kind of an environment.
Okay.
It's a two story colonial, which my wife and I designed.
Oh, that's neat.
Uh, it has around thirty-two hundred square feet. Uh, five bedrooms and so forth and so on,
Wow, that's large
and it is, I would imagine in terms of, of size and so forth, it's relatively typical for the area.
It might be,
I would say it's probably midsized for the area.
There are some smaller,
and there are, you know, several larger.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, but based, you know, in terms of, you know, in, in Pensacola, in that area of Florida it, uh, it's what now,
it is, uh, probably ten years old.
Oh, well, that's not too bad,
Yeah.
that's still fairly new.
And so it's,
in terms of cost and, and, and size and so forth, it, uh,
the you know, housing there is extremely affordable, and, uh, compared to other parts of the country, you know,
let's say compared to Maryland that same house here would probably cost three-quarters of a million dollars
Well,
but,
Oh, you're kidding
Well, do you mind if I ask what it's worth down there,
I mean, what it's,
I really haven't, I really haven't, uh,
when we built it ten years ago, it was, it ran around a hundred and forty thousand dollars.
Okay.
So, I, I would have really, I haven't really priced, you know, in the market,
so I,
It, it sounds like,
I mean, from the way you described it a home like that here would be at least two hundred and fifty thousand
Uh-huh.
I mean, Dallas is a very marked up area,
although right now it's a lot lower um, because of all the layoffs and everything
Uh-huh.
the economy around here is real poor
I thought that was on the upswing again now.
Well, no,
not really
Uh-huh.
Um, the area itself, uh, the Fort Worth Dallas area, um, has become kind of depressed because there's been so many layoffs with big companies, including Texas Instruments
Yes.
Um, there's been tremendous amounts of, of, uh, layoffs
so, really housing is real bad.
The economy itself around here is not too terribly bad,
but housing is still real bad
Uh-huh
Yeah.
Well,  Pensacola has
it's really is a buyer's market there now
Yeah.
This is,
And it isn't because of the, well,
there has been a lot of speculative building. Uh, I don't know, perhaps not in Dallas,
Oh.
but, uh, I'm sure people in, uh, you know, in, uh, Galveston and so forth would be knowledgeable about it, uh,
Pensacola is a Navy town.
Uh-huh.
And home porting was a possibility a few years ago.
Oh.
They were expecting an influx of something on the order of fifty thousand people or more from the Navy,
Wow.
a new carrier was coming in and, uh, the, uh, attendant, uh, support vessels.
Well, that's no longer, the case.
So, do you think,
it was overdeveloped then?
Oh, it's, it is.
I mean, the, the number of single family units on sale is phenomenal compared to the population.
Wow.
And so
overbuilding is, has been a real problem there.
Um.
So you can still get a, get a, a good house for a very, very reasonable price.
And I mean good, I would,
let's say typical, say three bedroom, uh, two and a half baths, on a half acre or so of land uh, reasonable construction would probably run you, uh, right now anywhere between, somewhere between a hundred and a hundred and forty thousand dollars. And probably, perhaps, cheaper, depending upon the neighborhood.
Um
yeah.
Yeah.
What about your home?
Well, right now we're just renting,
but it is a home. Um,
Uh-huh.
it's a four bedroom home
It has about, I guess, eighteen hundred square feet
It's on one floor
Uh-huh.
Uh, we have no basement
I don't know,
Nor do we,
but,
Okay
I wasn't sure.
Most of the ones, you know, up north and everything do,
but, um, anyway, it's, uh, it's pretty, also pretty typical for the area.
Most of this area was developed,
this house was built in seventy-four.
Uh-huh.
So most of the,
it's almost twenty years old,
and most of the houses around here were built pretty much the same style
Uh, we have a friend that lives two blocks over,
and his house is almost identical to us, except his is three bedrooms and ours is four
Uh-huh.
but otherwise the layout is pretty much the same.
So I, I think most of them are
there was,
it,
like most areas that are built, um,
there were probably, like two or three styles you could choose from
Right.
And, and, uh, that's pretty much all the houses in the area, for probably a square mile, I'd say, at least, maybe even a little bit more than that.
Well, the housing here in Maryland is just atrocious. And in, in the entire D C area.
I'm, I'm only about, uh, twelve miles or so from the, uh, border of Washington D C, and Montgomery County,
Maryland is probably one of the most expensive, places to,
Where are you in relation to Sevren?
are you close to Sevren?
No,
we are west.
Okay.
Sevren is east, near the eastern shore,
Well, I just,
if I had,
I have a sister that used to live in Sevren.
Uh-huh.
And they bought their home in I, I want to say like around nineteen seventy-five or something like that,
and they paid like,
they, they had it built from, you know,
they, they designed it and everything,
and to have it built they only paid forty thousand for it,
and when they left the area they sold it for a hundred and twenty thousand
Oh, that's not unusual, yeah.
Yeah,
so I just wondered, you know, if the whole area was like that  or,
Well, that's, that area over there is not as expensive as in the, the immediate, you know, Washington area.
Uh-huh.
And so, we, uh, I was just looking,
for example there is a, uh, condominium complex next to the apartment complex where I live,
and I was over there recently looking at the possibility of buying a two bedroom condominium.
And ninety-two thousand dollars for a two bedroom, which is essentially a two bedroom apartment.
Um.
Now, it was very nicely done.
Yeah.
I would have thought ,
Sounds like a lot of money though
Yes.
I, I can't, I can't envision spending that much money, and on, on something along those lines.
sure.
Yeah.
So, you know, it's,
I guess you pay the piper
but, Plus the, the, the taxes around here are phenomenally, high.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
Uh, for the,
and so, you, on that
it's not unusual, for example, for somewhere around here on a, on a, on a,
what we would, you know, what you described as your house and what I would describe as my house
say, for example, in Pensacola, Florida, on that house with the homestead exemption and so forth and so on, might pay three or four hundred dollars a year taxes. maybe, you know, maybe a little bit higher than that now,
Wow.
Yeah.
but that same house here, you'd pay almost six thousand dollars a year, taxes on it.
Wow
Wow, that's,
So, it's, uh, so, the question of whether to buy here or move to another county, say, drive twenty more miles north, buy a condominium for approximately, uh, the same price, maybe a little lower,
but the taxes would be, you know, perhaps, maybe one-third uh, of,
Really?
That much of a difference?
Oh, absolutely. Yeah,
Wow.
so,
it's, it's really sad
Yeah
This is one, this is one of the most highly taxed areas in the country.
Wow.
Why is that?
Do you know?
I mean
Well, they it, the, their, they do have an extremely good, such things as extremely good school systems, for example.
It has one of the best school systems in the country.
Uh-huh
Uh, and because the cost of living around here is so high,
Oh.
public employees make great salaries around here
Oh
I was reading just recently where the typical administrator in the, Montgomery County Public Schools makes,
and I'm not,
this is, uh, the figure,
he makes eighty thousand dollars a year.
My goodness
That's,
Wow
and I,
by administrator I, I think I mean,
I, they didn't, they did not define it,
but for example, a curriculum supervisor or principal or someone, you know, in that, uh, in that range.
