I just pressed my, uh.
We're supposed to talk about recent political developments.
I got one that's interesting, not too, not too controversial,
I,
you know, not,
doesn't matter whether you're Democrat or Republican.
I, I do get somewhat of a kick out of,
because Schwartzkopf, or the other generals, who I admire, how everyone wants to make, get them in politics.
I think that's kind of an interesting recent thing, that I could think of recently that, uh,
Uh-huh.
I was wondering what you thought about that making the general, uh, getting a general into politics.
Yeah.
They want him because he's popular, not because he can do the job.
Right.
Well, I've, I've been thinking about it,
and I, uh, I kind of get a kick out of they always want the hero,
those,
we're looking for a hero.
Well, TIME magazine was saying that in essence the general's staff was comparing to corporate presidents,
and they said in general, generals are more familiar with training, that they believe in training more.
Uh-huh.
They are much more educated than the average corporate president,
and so they really were very positive on a general's staff person having a, a very much better education than the average, uh, corporate president.
So, I thought well, maybe.
I, I think they probably have a better education than the average congressman.
Well, that, too,
that, too.
And, uh, you know, they talk about the Army
and because of the war
and why did we win, and all that,
and they talked about how the training was so important.
And that's so important in industry,
so, you know, they're liable to be right. That generals, generals in the service,
and Schwartzkopf, uh, you know, might make a good, uh, politician, whether it be Governor or whatever, you know.
He, he, you know, we know he's a good leader,
we know he's a good organizer.
The question is, you know, can he be the man who's ultimately responsible.
You know, like what he said is, you know, a lot of times in his interviews he was talking about, you know, people asking why are you doing this, why are you doing that.
He says, I'm following the orders of my president.
I'm not the one who writes the orders.
I'm just the one who follows them.
Yeah,
it's interesting how they say that when they're usually the top dogs, you know,
everyone has a boss, of course.
You know, Schwartzkopf was ordered to get Iraq out of Kuwait.
Yeah.
And so he went to the President and said, okay, here's how I want to do it.
But he wasn't the one that decided Iraq needed to get out of Kuwait.
No,
that's true,
that's true.
Uh-huh.
Uh, you, you pick one.
I just thought of that one when, when they brought up about politics.
That was, uh, pretty easy
Yeah.
you don't have to pick Democratic or Republican,
you can pick anything you want,
go ahead.
Well, the thing that I'm wondering about is how we get a new congress.
How do we get some of these guys that have been in there for so long,
how do we get them to not get reelected over and over again.
Well, I have an easy answer for that, oh, I wish they would do it, is that limit it, you know, to eight or ten years max.
Yeah.
You know, whether that's two five year terms or whatever.
I
yeah.
Yeah.
That may be our only answer,
but I don't really like it.
I don't like the fact that the President is limited in the number of terms he can serve.
Oh, you know, you're not.
I think if the President, be him Republican or Democrat,
I think if the President can prove that he's popular, you know, that he can do the job then the people should be allowed to elect him as often as they want.
Yeah.
I think the reason why we've got these guys in Congress is because of the fund raising rules.
I mean, how many of these big campaign contributions that they're running on this year, did they get after they were elected, just, you know, just after they were elected two years ago.
Yeah.
Basically the people,
as soon as they get elected, the people dump all kinds of money on them and say, Yeah, yeah, you're my friend,
you're my friend,
and two years later he remembers that.
And what they done is they've bought this congressman for two years.
Yeah,
I don't know,
I do like the limitation of the President,
and I think there is a needed change.
I think the same thing should happen for Congress.
I, I'd you know,
that would be my answer of an easy way to get these guys out of there for twenty years.
Yeah,
well.
My God, it's ridiculous, you know.
That's, that's the easy way.
I think the harder way out would be to make the guys that are in there and the guys who are trying to get in there run on more level ground
We had.
That's what the financing rules and the, uh, the mailing rules and the size of the office staff and all that stuff.
I think voting is, is a I think I had one of the subject about voting, and, uh, voting apathy, or something like that,
and I think that, uh, the voting rules need to be changed where you have a little more time.
I can't believe that a country our big votes for a President from seven o'clock in the morning til seven o'clock at night, you know.
Yeah.
Of course they have absentee which is getting to be more, a lot easier,
and I, I vote as often on absentee as I can because it's so easy now.
But, I think, gee whiz, you could make it a couple days.
It's just, if you really want the majority of the people to vote then give them a couple of days.
Yeah.
Well, I think a lot more people could vote if they were somehow persuaded that it's something worth caring about.
Yeah,
yeah.
You know, like, you know, the, the recent election about how the Dallas City Council should be made up, that election last December.
Are you in Dallas?
Yeah,
I'm in Dallas city limit.
Boy, I, I, I live in Arlington.
I am so happy not to be part of Dallas when I see those folks there.
Yeah.
It's an ugly mess.
I mean, I don't know if you like the mayor,
but I think your mayor,
the city council,
the,
what is the woman's name whose, us, not the mayor but the, *typo should be who's
The manager.
Yeah,
the city manager.
All of them need to be thrown out.
I mean, they're just awful, just awful.
Well, what get's me is this thing, it went down to defeat last December by how many votes, by just a few hundred votes.
Uh-huh
And if it, if it had passed,
if these people had gotten out the vote, it would have passed
and there'd be no more argument.
But they're still fighting about it because of the way the election went last December.
I know.
It's so awful that politicians always spent consulting money. That we put them in office and then they go out and spend a couple hundreds of thousands of dollars to buy consultants,
and then they don't even do that recommendation, you know.
Uh-huh,
yeah.
I mean, it's amazing the money that they spend once they get in.
But, but this is for, supposedly to benefit the minorities,
and all the minorities had to do was go out and get a couple more hundred people to vote
Well you're right there.
and they would have had their way.
You're right there.
Uh, uh, people are,
uh, uh, politics, uh,
the voting is still not as much as you think in all kinds of issues really.
Yeah,
it's pretty sad.
Yeah,
it is.
Uh, hopefully people will get more involved.
My, my position is people who don't vote don't have any right to complain about the way the government's going.
Oh, yeah,
but those are the ones that are complaining, I, I think, a lot.
I see it here at T I.
The guys that don't take any interest in, and, and constantly on the negative of everything.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, Is that right? Ooh.
And, and you ask them why they don't vote,
they say well they don't want their name on the, uh, jury duty list.
That, that's where they get the jury duty list, is from the voter registration.
Right,
you're right,
you're right.
I think they could do more about, uh, voting.
I think they could.
What are the issues?
I, I'm a Democrat,
I want to just say that I'm so sad that there isn't a strong Democrat.
I don't even know,
I could go out and debate George Bush better than I see any Democrat doing it.
Uh-huh.
You know, I mean, at least I'd like to see
because I like competition, you know.
Yeah.
I think rolling over and put your belly up and play dead,
I'm so disgusted with the Democratic party,
I can not believe it, you know. *typo cannot
In Presidential races that's about what they've done,
but they've got a pretty good lock on Congress and a lot of local things.
Yeah.
Yeah,
but I still think in the last ten years,
you know, of course that's not a recent event,
that's only my opinion,
I guess I really shouldn't talk about that.
But, I don't know whether they're recent events.
I guess they on this, uh, speech thing, they want us to use a variety of words.
Right.
How many times have you called, by the way?
Actually, I haven't made any calls,
but I received about a dozen.
Oh, really, I, I, I,
I think, yeah, I have to make these,
but I get distracted and get to do something else,
and all of a sudden my phone rings,
and go, Well, what the heck, we'll talk for a while.
Yeah,
I've already got twelve cards.
You get any cards in the mail?
Yeah,
we got a whole bunch.
I can't remember how many.
I don't know,
I'm amazed by,
of course, we're not talking about politics,
but I am amazed by,
people say they got thirty.
Well, I wonder why you need thirty renditions of the persons voice,
but I'm not in voice synthesis.
But I'd sure like to see a summary of it.
We'll get to politics, I'm sorry
Well, I think we've used up as much time as we're supposed to anyway.
Yeah,
right.
We're supposed to do five minutes,
and that was three minutes ago.
Yeah.
Hey, well thanks for the call.
Yeah,
bye-bye.
Yeah,
bye.
