What's the, uh,
in Texas law has a, uh, what does it have, it has a death penalty doesn't it?
Oh, yes,
yeah.
They just, uh, started it again, too just late, or, within the past few years
You know for quite some time, just about every one of the states had given up the death penalty.
But now it's coming back into favor.
Uh, yes.
Well, they find it is more deterrent.
Well, my sociology class at S M U's taught us that it was not a deterrent.
Uh, but now that's just what they said.
Uh, I don't know maybe, maybe if I went back and took a sociology class now they'd say it is a deterrent.
Well, uh, if you, You know, compare the figures, I think that's where they're, uh, they're coming from.
Maybe they've changed their minds.
The, uh,
Maybe that's it.
Maybe that's it,
because that was back in the seventies.
Oh, they're yes. They are.
That was before the, uh, uh, they adopted the death law again
But, uh, I, I myself am in favor of it, uh, particularly for, uh, well I think Texas has a good, good law. Uh, crimes, murders related with, uh, drugs or killing a policemen.
I think,
I agree.
But I think it ought to be expanded to include children.
I, I think they're, they have they're working on, uh, something in Austin now,
Uh-huh.
and  I'm not sure what it is,
I just remember seeing a, uh, kind of a synopsis of it.
Uh-huh.
Well, why stop at children?
Why not go to adults, too?
Well, uh, I'm, I'm personally very in favor of it.
Uh-huh.
Uh, why should we let them set in prison and work on their college degrees after they've mowed down a class yard full of kids or or tried to, or done their very, you know, given their best effort at doing that.
Uh-huh.
Yep.
I, I don't care to support them.
Well, I don't either
but, uh, uh, but there is something to be said about
or, uh, uh, just for the sake of argument, I'm taking the,  a  con,
Sure.
I'm, I'm against it.
Uh, you know yourself how many times have you heard where, uh, uh, a citizen was wrongfully arrested,  and served time  at a penitentiary, uh,
Uh-huh,
uh-huh
just recently this, uh, black man served nine years was it,  for robbery.
And then,  there was the black woman that, uh, robbed and shot the furrier.
And she was set free, too, just in two examples in Texas recently.
Uh-huh.
But she actually killed the furrier. Or someone,
she was charged with murder
and then, then they decided it was a case of mistaken identity or something.
I didn't, I don't, I didn't retain all those facts very well.
But I know what you're,
what if we make a mistake.
That's it.
And that's not one of those things that you can turn the wheel back and reverse everything.
Uh-huh.
Well, right now our laws are so liberal that, uh, even with the death penalty in effect, I don't think that, uh, they're going to use it, uh, too frequently, uh, unfortunately.
I, like you, say yes
let's have it,  put  them all, give them all a shot, get rid of them.
Well,  Well, I guess, though, where I would have a problem with it if I were on the jury that, that, put, that handed down the death sentence because it was my judgement the person's guilty.
Why should they be sitting in, uh, prison getting their college degree.
Uh-huh.
Now that's tougher.
It's easier to say it on the telephone
and everyone agree that, yeah, the death penalty's the way to go,
it's a deterrent to crime,
they shouldn't catch themselves in that circumstance anyway.
But to be the actual one of the ones that decide, that would be tougher for me.
Yes,
very true.
I, uh, I agree with you there. Uh-huh.
I think I'd probably do it
but we could never say what we would do if we're not in the circumstance.
It, that's, that's, that's a real easy thing to say that, oh, sure I would,
but I don't know
Well, I myself wouldn't want to be on the jury like that.
Uh, I, it, it's, uh, that's an awful lot to, uh, to expect of a person, to, uh, to kill somebody is what it amounts to.
Well, yes,
but, you know, that's what they did.
It,
true.
Very true.
But they, they did it because they have a warped mind for some reason.
Or rather than have a warped mind it was just the only way to get whatever they wanted.
Yeah Uh-huh
And they, they wanted something worse than they, more than they respect the human life.
Yeah,
exactly.
Well, anyhow I guess we both agree that,  that  it is,  it should  be in effect.
Hang them.
Yeah,
I agree it should be in effect.
Also I agree there should be a lot of care in the enforcement, uh,
so I guess I would say I want it to be in effect
but I want maybe
well, I'd, I, now I have a problem with this, too.
I think our courts have too many opportunities for them to go back and get one more chance.
Oh, that's true.
Well now any, uh, just believe in just about any state in the union, uh, uh, a death, uh, or, uh, yeah, death verdict is an automatic, uh, appeal.
That's correct.
It is,
it is.
And, uh, uh, yes,
I'm inclined to agree with you.
I think so,
there should be a limit as to the number of appeals.
Now, there's some,
and maybe, now, I don't remember if this is Texas or not, that has something about all drug dealers can be sentenced to the death sentence.
Um, um, well, Not just for dealing in drugs.
Convicted drug dealers.
It, uh,
Is it, what is, what's the
There are certain circumstances,
and I don't remember what they are.
It's something of the they're on the distribution end.
Uh, yes.
They're not selling them,
they're distributing them.
It's for the large dealers is what,  it's  reserved for.
Uh-huh.
And they, they are in effect killing people.
Oh, oh, yes,
yes.
I, I believe it's any capital crime related to drugs.
Oh, okay.
I think that's the way it's worded.
Is that how it's worded?
I knew it was there
but, I, I,
or or is it proposed
or is it passed?
I do believe that's in.
Uh, I wouldn't swear to it myself.
I believe it is,
But I thought it, I thought it was in effect.
I believe you're right, though.
I think it is.
And I have to agree with that.
Uh-huh.
I, I think it certainly should be one of the options.
Uh, I've been fortunate with my children and grandchildren, so far that I know.
I qualify that heavily,
because  you never know,
but to the best of my knowledge we haven't had a major problem yet. Well, my children are about in the same age bracket.
Uh-huh.
Oh, it does.
Uh, I have four sons myself
and the youngest is twenty-eight,
so  they are all pretty well grown up
and they all went through it, you know, going through high school and everything
and knock wood that, uh, they have not,
well I won't say they didn't try it, uh,
I wouldn't know,
but, uh, they,
I doubt very much that they're, they're using it now.
In fact I'm sure they don't.
I think, let's see, the oldest is thirty-two
and the youngest is probably twenty-seven, twenty-eight.
Huh.
So, it's the same age bracket.
Yes.
And there's four, two girls and two boys.
And I think one of each experimented very slightly with pot,
Uh-huh.
and  I think that was the extent of it to the best of my knowledge.
Yeah.
That's usually the way it is.
It, it's just, uh, try it out with their peers
And none of them even smoke.
They don't, uh,
they never,
strangely enough, uh, their mother and I both smoked when they were growing up.
Now, my, my, my wife, my ex-wife, she quit, uh, well, when she was pregnant with the last one
and she never started up again.
And I just quit, oh, about fourteen months and two weeks ago.
Boy,
that's tough.
Yes,
it is.
I,
and it seems to be getting tougher as time goes by.
My husband hasn't quit, yet.
And he knows he has to
and he knows he should
and he knows
and he knows,
Um.
but  he hasn't.
I do respect the fact, though, that he refuses to smoke in the same room with me.
He, he's very conscious of, of passive smoking
and he's concerned about it but,  hasn't  quite made it yet
Well,  Well, when I was still smoking, I, I felt that way.
If I was in a public restaurant, seated at table with, uh, non smokers I would try to pick a a, a my, seat where the smoke would blow away from them.
Or I'd hold the cigarette under the table.
Yeah,
I've seen all of this,
yeah
And, uh, but, uh, now I'm on, the shoe's on the other foot
Uh, I'm aware of other people smoking now.
Well, Charles will actually, Charles will not smoke in anyone else's house except our own.
Um.
He will get up
and he'll go outside, you know,
and he, he's
so, when we're invited to people's house, he will not smoke in their house. Which I think is good because there's a lot of people that are very,
Yes.
particularly  if they have children.
Uh-huh.
But, uh, and he's, you know, he tries his best,
but the actual quitting he hasn't done.
He changed brands to a brand he doesn't like.
He put up all of his ash trays.
He will not smoke in a comfortable position, you know,
but still he's done everything the Smokers Anonymous tell you to do except quit smoking
Uh, uh-huh.
It's a,  long process.
Well, the,  there's a trick I use.
They used to leave my cigarettes in the glove compartment.
Oh, how neat.
And every time I wanted one I have to go outside and just take one. One at a time.
And, uh, that, that 's, gets to be, uh, a deterrent.
He has his in the kitchen,
