Okay.
All righty.
Uh-huh.
Probably some of that is divorce
and some is they're more educated than they used to be I think.
Uh-huh.
Uh, I think sometimes, uh, leaders in government they've become more, uh, adroit in that area, too, instead of just men all the time.
Uh-huh.
We have more women in government.
Uh-huh.
And, now I'll let you say something
Well, uh, I probably a little bit older than you are,
so what I see, uh, is,
the change that I see the most is, is that, uh, women have much more, many more occupations and careers to choose from than when I went to college.
When I went to college you could be a teacher or maybe a nurse or a secretary,
or, but there were very few women in business at that time.
A few,
but they were the oddity.
Very limited.
And now I see
and, and I see for my daughter, which is wonderful this,
she's thirteen
and I see a whole wonderful world out there that she can choose from,
Uh-huh.
so  many different jobs, which I think is terrific.
Yes.
Because I'm a teacher
and, I mean, I love teaching,
but, there, I think there are a lot of other things I would have liked better.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, not that I would give the career up because it's, it's a safe career, plus, because I always have a job plus I am a single parent, too,
Uh-huh.
and  I I need the income.
Right.
But, uh, and I think that's the reason why a lot of women have, have started to work, too, is because economically it's just a must.
I think that's right.
Uh, you just,
it's very difficult to get along on one income unless uh, the male, uh, has an extraordinarily good job.
Uh-huh.
And especially men who teach school, they don't make that much money,
and, and most all,
they always either have
they're either moonlighting or else their, their wife works, too.
Right.
Uh, it's just an economic need now.
I really think women have so much more responsibility than, you know, as far as everything.
Oh, definitely.
And, like you said, uh, one, women today have so many, uh,
the average today of having a, a single family, you know, with the mother as the head,  you  know, it just really, uh, so commonplace,  nowadays.
Uh-huh.
Oh, yes,
exactly.
We have quite a few teachers at our school that are single parents
and,  uh,  the majority is, uh, married couple with children,
Uh-huh.
but still there's a lot more than there used to be.
And see you never picture yourself in a situation like this.
When I married, I thought I'd be married the rest of my life.
Right,
right.
And, uh, but I'm all, I'm really grateful that I went to college.
My mother always said, you know, get an education in case you need one, because my father died when we were,
I have a twin sister
and we were eleven when he died
and she had a nursing degree,
Uh-huh.
and  she was able to make it.
But, she said in you never know what's going to happen
and I thank God that I did go to college and got a degree because otherwise I don't know how I would be able to raise my children.
You know, isn't that funny, uh, because the same thing happened to us, except I was twelve.
And my mother had a nursing degree and was able to make it in her profession,
Isn't that something.
and was,
Yes.
Yes.
and even today I think the chance for education is is, is so much, uh, better for all of our girls,  and, and  boys, too.
Oh, yes.
But, but the girls especially.
Yeah,
I do, too.
But I think it needs to continue to change
and I I think it, there's still not equality as far as, uh, paychecks for men and women.
I think that the, we still have a long way to go.
A lot of things,
yeah.
Uh-huh.
And I think that, uh, I think by the year two thousand it, we're going to see some, a lot more changes, uh, hopefully, that women are, you know, able to get the, the executive jobs,  and  hold positions that men, men do because they can do it just as well, you know,
Right.
if they want to dedicate their, most of their time to that they, they're, they can do it.
Yeah.
And I also think that in the future that, uh, it's going to continue.
We're not going to see a lax off of women in the work force.
Uh-uh.
I think they're going to stay there
and I think that they're going to, uh, uh, be really responsible and, and do everything just like, what you said, you know, make, make it the grade and, and make it so women can be the top people in their,  in  their field.
Exactly.
Exactly.
And I think that's the way it should be.
I think it
Oh, I think so.
I mean, not that I, I think that I'm equal to men because there's a lot of things that men can do that I, could never do strength wise and so forth
Right.
but, also there's some things women can do like have children,  that  men can't do.
Right.
So, you know, it,
I don't I don't want to be equal
but, I, I want to be, I want to get what I deserve
and I want to be able to be on the same level with them.
If I can do a job as well as I man I think I should get the same pay, you know.
Exactly.
And, And I just, I'm not a women's libber.
Exactly.
I really am not.
But I, I think that that we have just as many rights as they do.
And I feel like if there's a qualified woman to do the job and if she's good or better than a man then she they should get the job with the same pay.
That's right.
And I think that is happening more and more.
I do, too.
I think it's just going to take a little bit longer.
Oh, I do, too.
Definitely
Well, great,
okay.
Well, it was good to talk to you.
Good to talk to you, Sally.
All right.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
