So, child care, your views.
Uh, well, we only have one child right now and another one on the way
and right now I'm, I'm all with her during the day.
I,
if I was looking for outside care I probably would stay away from professional child care centers and try to find, if I was close to home, relatives or people with it is same values and possibly religious faith or something similar so that she would be raised in an environment that would be similar to what we would have in our own homes as, as parents.
And what religious faith?
Uh, Latter Day Saints.
Oh that's, that's good.
So so that's what I would try to do.
With a teaching background I've, um, had a little bit of experience with the child day care type situations
but I've seen some good ones
and I've seen some really bad ones.
Uh, they do seem to be at the outside edge of both extremes don't they?
Uh-huh,
And,  whenever they are they seem to regulate the good toward the bad instead of bad toward the good.
and  so,
Right.
By trying to get them to conform to concern standards they, uh, kind of, uh, eliminate a lot of the, uh,
Better situations.
Yeah.
The, the, uh,
what am I trying to think of that, not the imagination but the creativity in, in the situation
and so,
Yeah,
yeah
that's, that's very well phrased.
Uh, so, have you ever used outside child care?
No,
I haven't.
We've had like people come in and baby-sit for an hour or two
but I've never had, um,
Real day care.
Right.
She's, she's not even a year yet,
so,  we haven't  been in, you know, a lot of need yet.
Uh
our step daughter's ten now
Uh-huh.
and most of the day care has been provide for by Grandma.
But, quite honestly what I believe to be the best day care situation was while we lived up, the Pass of Woodland Park there was, uh, ex-school teacher that, uh, did a small amount of before school and after school, you know, kindergartners, or half dayers in her home
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
and they would read and play,
Have a relative a structured,  activities and not just, you know, stick them in a corner and say you're on your own.
seem to be,
Uh, yeah,
and, uh, despite our beliefs, she was, uh, one of the more, uh, Charismatic Christian faiths
Uh-huh.
and it worked out wonderfully.
Yeah.
I know that, uh, that I guess if you have the opportunity to pick and choose and you've got the time and that, uh, I don't know if the resources are the proper term, you know, just the, the know, knowledge of who's a available, then you could probably find some really good care.
Uh, yeah,
but I don't know that it would be state approved.
That's true.
You can get somebody maybe willing to baby-sit
but actual, you know, that's sometimes different, done on a different scale.
I have even considered, you know, baby-sitting myself, I have a teaching degree, and, uh, thought well, you know, I could structure and then for one reason or other decided not to,
but I think if you take more than three children in, well,
that was how it was this Virginia, we've recently moved here to Texas, but in Virginia I think if you take more than three children in on more than a several hours a day bases you have to be licensed.
I,
now I don't know what the current Texas laws are
but I, but I do know that the license doesn't seem to, uh, guarantee quality.
Yeah,
a lot of times you might just need to go now and feel, file for it just like a business.
You may not have to prove any type of qualification for it I don't,
Uh, now here I believe that child care meets, by in large, certain standards for, uh, balanced food, if they provide food, cleanliness, and levels of supervision levels being defined as number of working adults for number of children
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
That's, uh, kind of a minimum there that you're getting.
Your covering basic care there and not all the extras that most people would like to see done with there children, you know, like the educational activities, the supervised play and so forth.
uh, my wife is, uh, agnostic
and I'm, uh, a backsliding Presbyterian
I like that term
and, uh, get, I really believe that this Charismatic care, or the Charismatic belief when emphasized on care, or semi Charismatic I might say was quite good.
Uh-huh.
Yeah,
it was a good influence for your daughter, uh.
Yes,
very
Well, that's good.
and, and, uh, the care is what I guess you should emphasize in the term child care instead of the child.
Uh-huh.
Yeah,
a little bit of love and, and attention is what most of them need.
You know, even if it's not a real educated program you can have good educational program
and, and,
And not have any care.
Right.
And, and that's not certainly what you want for your child or what you would give your child yourself
and so,
And I'm not sure that really child care per se should instill any education per se.
Do you know had a I'm saying?
Well, even educated play, uh, supervised play, can teach without,
and I'm not saying talking about sitting down and teaching them math or, or, or something like that but just kind of promoting social skills
and, uh, uh, you know, like my, my child that,
she want be an only child for long,
but, you know, she was an only child,
or maybe your daughter,  not having,
Proper interface.
yeah,
yeah,
just,
It's just, just correctness of, of social skills, if you will.
Right,
those basic things that, uh, they would, that, you know, you would be a little bit of, uh, I don't know if manners is a good term or not but,  you  know, dealing with other through proper mannerisms and politeness and so forth, you know, that sort of thing, you'd want your child to learn that, from the experience of someone else, certainly you wouldn't want your child's day care person to yell at them and scream at them and say do this, do that, you know, you'd want them it promote politeness and niceness, you know, the things that you would want any child to learn
and,  the  reason,
that's done through example, you know, not an actual sit down learn situation
so,
Uh, yeah,
uh, it's a very broad issue.
Uh-huh,
it is
And, you know, it's a shame
but most people doing, child care earn almost no money.
They operate at, you know,
the owner of the of a, you know, a large child care facility now,
Uh-huh.
we're  not talking somebody that does six kids,  in  their home or three or whatever.
Uh-huh.
Somebody that doesn't really put a lot of overhead whatever into it.
You mean somebody that has an actual establishment.
Right.
Yeah.
Their employees earn almost nothing.
Yeah.
I know I, I did that for summer
so I can, I can vouch for that
And that's really, really a shame too because,
do you and your husband both work.
No,
just he does I'm, I'm here during the day with her.
Well, that's wonderful if, if you can make it that way.
Well, we, we decided to,
we live on a lesser budget so that we have
that, that's more important to us, you know, as, as, uh, there may come a time when I will be working again, you know,
but right now that's what we've chosen
and we wanted to have several,
we got her
and we've got another on the way,  and  maybe another, one soon after that,
Well,  like I said, that's grand if, if you can pull it off
so
Right.
but more and more we're being forced into a situation, we as Americans are being forced into a situation, where you've got to have,
