Okay.
Great.
Um, currently, I'm not doing a whole lot of exercise in any type of program.
Huh-uh.
I'm mainly do a lot of walking.
I have a son that's a little bit overweight
and, um, the best thing we found to do with him is to walk around.
So my wife and I kind of take turns.
At one time I had a fairly regular exercise program.
But, in the last couple of months I've changed to a new residence and everything has gotten kind of turned a little upside down.
All this space that normally would be dedicated towards the, exercise area, is covered in boxes.
Yeah.
Um, what did you do when you did exercise regularly?
Well, I had, uh, a little routine that I did for warm ups.
Huh-uh.
And then I did some very mild, say, light weight lifting.
Nothing,
I'm not trying to make big bulging muscles, just trying to try and stay as firm as I can stay in my old age
Huh-uh.
Yeah
Um, right now, um, I try when it's nice out,
it's been raining a lot this spring,
but I try to, uh,
I have a bicycle
and I like to cycle a lot.
And, uh, my husband and I, we have entered a few rallies, that's pretty popular in Texas,
I don't know, if it's up north,
Huh-uh.
but every weekend a small town will sponsor a rally
and thousands of people come with their bikes and ride over hilly terrain for thirty or forty miles, which that's a lot of fun.
Huh-uh.
Um, so we try to ride during the week to try and stay in shape for that.
And, um, T I, where I work has, uh, a fitness center
so a lot of time after work or maybe on the weekends, we'd go over there and lift weights and do the tread mill,
and, um, they have stair masters and all kinds of new machine, that are fun to ride and workout on.
So I try to,
I'm trying to stay in shape on a regular basis.
I used to, uh, get into it and get out of it based on my schedule,
so I'm trying to stay in shape on a regular basis now,
but it's a big commitment.
We don't have any kids yet
so, that's a lot of, part of it.
Yeah.
That's a plus.
Oh, I have a total of five children.
I have three left living at home.
Huh-uh.
And they do take up a big part of my, uh, my evening and weekend.
Yeah.
And it's tough being a parent and doing all the things that you should do for yourself, too.
Yeah.
It's something they don't tell you about when you're growing up.
Yes,
when you become a parent most of your life is going to be dedicated to your children.
Huh-uh
That's why, they, uh, really stress, at T I, they really stress, staying in shape, like stay in fit, overall fitness, you know, no smoking and all that.
But it's hard to find, uh, an actual exercise regimen that work, for you, you know, because like I know a lot of people that cycle, they take their kids behind them on the bikes
and I don't know if that would work for me because I don't know I wouldn't want to pull a kid over hilly terrain.
But it's really hard to find something that works, and, you know, to find time to do it and stay committed to it like three days a week or whatever.
I think maybe walking or running would probably work because it doesn't take much time and much money or whatever.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You have to,
what I found from my experience is you have to budget time for yourself.
Huh-uh.
And you can use what ever rationale you want,
but basically, the healthier you stay, the longer you'll live.
Right.
And, uh, you know, if I spend a little bit of time each day or a little bit of time every other day doing something for me to make me live longer, well, then I'll around a lot longer,
And those people that I'm taking the ten minutes or twenty minutes away from now, well, you know, get the enjoyment of me, years past where I would have been if I wouldn't have taken it.
Huh-uh.
If you kind of think of it as a rationale like that, it works out fine.
Yeah.
Um, I've been learning a lot lately about, um,
I've been reading a book by Kenneth Cooper,
I don't know if you're familiar with him
Huh-uh.
he was the pioneer of aerobics and all of health really.
He's, he's, kind of, he's pretty much the innovator of the whole exercise thing.
Um, he was talking about the three things you could, that cause aging smoking are inactivity, * mistranscribed? listen
and what was the other one, I think was, yeah, obesity.
If you can control those three areas, then are you going to live longer, you know, cause those are risk factors,
so anyway, it's kind of a tip.
Yeah.
Oh, I've done a lot of study over the years
and I found that probably one of the worst things that anybody can ingest is chlorinated water.
Really
Yeah.
Um, the research that I've done
and I've actually been in the drinking watering business since eighty-three.
Huh-uh.
And, it's amazing, that, uh, you know, prior to like nineteen-twenty there were very few heart attacks.
Huh-uh.
There were none prior to nineteen-hundred.
Well, in nineteen-three they started experimenting with chlorinating the water. In nineteen-thirteen most of the major cities,
and after that we, we started having the hearts attacks
and, uh, Dr. Price wrote a book CORONARY, CHOLESTEROL, AND CHLORINE.
You can usually find it in a health food store.
Huh-uh.
I know they had it in health food stores in Plano,
I used live in Plano.
Dr. Price?
Uh, Dr. Price,
yeah.
And it's amazing,
he makes the,
you know, it's a very small book
and the guys very opinionated,
um, but he makes a very good case against chlorine.
There were no heart attacks before we started using it
and he points out that people in, uh, England
and, uh, or even diets that quadrupled the amount of cholesterol that we're ingesting now,
and they weren't dropping dead of heart attacks.
Yeah.
He did some experiments on chickens whose arteries are very similar to ours. And, uh, proved that ingestion of chlorine causes arteriosclerosis, which is the, clogging of the arteries.
Huh-uh.
Yeah.
And, uh, you know, he's,
there's been a lot of reports since then.
This whole thing about,
first it was stress, then it went to cholesterol,
and now they're saying what's cholesterol,
well there's good cholesterol and there's bad cholesterol.
Huh-uh.
You know, it's amazing what he points out in that book
and, in fact, he, everyone there was a toxicologist for the Environmental Protection Agency, who did work back in nineteen eighty-six, who wrote a letter to Dr. Price in nineteen eighty-seven. And in this letter he praised Dr. Price for the work he did back in the sixties on this and said that E P A had been doing experiments on nonhuman primates and proving that ingestion of chlorine causes arteriosclerosis.
And, E P A never published that report.
And what's the name of this book again?
CORONARY, CHOLESTEROL AND CHLORINE.
I'll have to remember that.
Yeah.
That will be very interesting.
My husband wants to go into medical school and be a neurosurgeon
so, he's really interested in the heart.
Yeah.
And he's, in fact, he's a, well, heart, too,
he's, uh, he's done a lot of research on like how your heart reacts to exercise
Sorry,
he made me laugh.
Um, so anyway,
Yeah.
There is, there is a lot of good information out there, uh, about health.
And a lot of the, a lot of the myths they've been passing around, people are starting to realize aren't true.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm all for having a diet high in fiber and all that, because that's, that's good for you,
Huh-uh.
uh, but to believe some of the things,
you know, and I don't think anybody should be going out there and eating a high fat diet,
but to think that solely, alone is going to cause something like arteriosclerosis is, is just hard to believe.
If you get a chance read Dr. Cooper's book on controlling cholesterol.
Huh-uh.
That's a real good,
um, he talks about that.
Talks about high risk factors and heart disease and all that.
Yeah.
I actually eat pretty much anything that I want.
Huh-uh.
And I've had my cholesterol checked and, uh, a few times
and I've never been above, like, you know, one-hundred and fifty, never.
Huh-uh.
And, uh, uh, I mean, I,
You have a good ratio of good to bad. Cholesterol.
but, I mean, you know, everything is like within five to ten percent and all that kind of thing
You know, they leave themselves wide open so they can't be sued.
Yeah.
But, uh, we've,
I work at the T I site in Hunt Valley, Maryland.
Oh, really.
Yeah
and we've had a few of the health fairs up here
and, um, you know, I've always come out aces.
That's good.
You know, I'm not really that big on watching what I eat,
but I do eat, you know, some health cookies that are high in fiber, low in fat and all that kind of stuff.
Yeah.
But, I mean as far as really being concerned about ingesting too much chlorine, I'm not, cholesterol, I'm not worried about it.
