Okay.
All right,
I had to register us in there.
Hopefully you're a basketball fan.
Excuse me.
Hopefully you're a basketball fan.
Yeah,
I'm from Indiana.
Great,
I'm glad you are,
I'm not.
I couldn't care about any of it.
But go ahead,
I, I would like to talk about, uh, maybe college basketball.
I'd like to see it be more of an amateur sport.
I'd like to see it turned back to like the Southwest Conference down here,
I would like to see Texas and all the teams, uh,
since we're supposed to talk about specific teams, I would like to see them turned back to where the college player plays for four years, and then, they're not, they're not semi-pro and just go on and are stolen by the the, the League, you know, in three years,
Uh-huh.
plus I'd like to see them to be true athletes where they're, they're taking a regular college course.
Yeah.
You know, I'd like to see,
they didn't ask that, but they're talking about college teams,
I, you know.
Yeah.
Since you're being, you can talk for hours, go ahead,
you, you, if you like sports go right ahead with this one.
Um, well, I know like what you just said, um,
Purdue had to, had to, uh,
their best player this year, you know, averaged twenty points a game
Yeah.
they had to make him sit the bench. And actually kicked him off the team because, um, his, uh, grades, even though they passed Big Ten standings and they passed, you know, N C double A, they weren't, they did not pass, um, Purdue requirements.
And so,
That's surprising that they, that they have better requirements.
That's good.
Yeah.
That's what I like to see.
Go ahead.
And see,
I'm all  for that.
so he was treated like all the rest of students, you know.
That's great.
And so, um, their very best player,
they probably lost over half their games, because, you know, by twenty points, which is what he averaged, um,
and so, you know, he had to sit, you know,
he was kicked off the team.
And then they've got three players, top, you know, recruiting class this year that
they're going to have to be, well,
the, the prep school they go to before they can play because they aren't smart enough.
Oh.
Yeah.
You know, it's just sad
because, I mean, Purdue, even though they're one of the few schools that really, uh, stress academics, they're suffering, you know
and,
Oh, I, I agree.
I think that that, there's a lot of inconsistencies when some conference, uh, players come from outside of Texas, you know, and play us here.
Uh, they're obviously practicing sixty hours a week, you know,
and there's no consistency.
Seems to me, that like Purdue, when they're trying,
a student athlete is spending so many hours in class.
He only has twenty, twenty-five, whatever hours he has to spend on practice.
Yeah.
He should be playing, they all should be playing another team that, that has about twenty hours to practice a week.
Like.
But there are teams that practice sixty hours a
week, they're not going to class at all.
I mean, that's, that's what I mean by semi-pro.
Yeah.
There's too many semi-pros in college
and I think they ought to get rid of that.
That's what happened to this guy.
I mean, he was, uh, he didn't go to class, and so they just said, you know, you can't make the grades,
you're going to have to,
see you later.
Well, I'm all for, I'm all for the, oh
baseball has a, uh, a, uh minor league system,
and I think that the football and basketball, they asked us to talk about basketball, should, you know, let, let them go, have a semi-pro team.
But I think, I'd like to see college athletes,
let's talk about college basketball.
I like that.
Yeah.
Any basketball that I like,
I like that.
I, I don't, I don't like the pros at all.
I don't either.
It's.
Uh, they're high scoring,
there's no defense it seems like,
and they just kind of score a hundred twenty five points, you know, hundred twenty-two, you know,
and I don't really get much out of that.
Yeah.
Um, yeah,
it is fun to watch some real disciplined teams play in, in college.
Uh-huh.
And I saw Princeton, I think it was, or Harvard play this year.
They're like all white,
and their starting guard had S A T scores of fifteen hundred.
Uh-huh.
And it was so funny to watch them play against the other teams,
because, it was like, they played so much smarter and more disciplined.
Yeah.
I don't know if they won very many games.
But, I don't know,
their style of play was so much different from from the teams that just run and gun.
Yeah.
Yeah,
I like high school football, which again is not the subject,
but that's so much fun to watch because they're, they're pure amateurs, you know, and there's no money involved.
Yeah.
You go to college,
you don't really know,
it loses it somewhere.
Yeah.
Whatever sport it is, if they're really putting a lot of money in,
these players, let's face it, ninety percent are being paid.
So.
Yeah.
I'd like to see college basketball and all the other sports go back to being amateurs.
I don't care about seeing the best players in the world play.
I like to see the people going to Texas just play, the ones that are in class.
And I'd like to see athletes, uh, or fellow students, like myself, you know, to play the game.
I, I, in fact, I like amateur sports.
I don't see it has to be,
I don't think that college football, or basketball, should have to be semi-pro, you know.
Yeah.
I wish it'd return to the good old days of the amateur. Everybody play.
That's what I like,
everybody should play, you know.
Yeah.
Well again, I'd just like to see the true athlete, the true student athlete, play basketball, you know.
Yeah.
I don't like to see the ones that aren't, have no intention of going to class, uh.
Yeah.
Then, again just picking a school,
Texas is is usually not the best team, you know,
In
because the other teams are, I'm sure practice a lot more,
and S M U down here in footballs and trying to get back, uh, to having true student athletes,
and, and that's what I think is a lot of fun.
There's just so much pressure on the schools, I think to win, though, you know.
To win and money,
yeah.
Yeah.
And, you know, it's like if they don't win, they don't get any money, so, and the school suffers, which is kind of bad,
but that's just how it always is.
Yeah,
I always thought that university was for an education and then sports of course is part of the education.
I don't think that sports has to make a lot of money, or you do away with it.
I don't know why the don't keep fencing and all that, you know.
Yeah.
And, and they seem to be,
there's articles in the TIME magazine and all about whether it be basketball or anything else.
If it's not making money, then we'll do away with it.
Well, that's not,
I thought it was so that you give them an education of that particular discipline.
Yeah.
And I, I, I just think that amateur sports should stay in universities,
that's where it's at.
I'm sure saddened to see,
I think it was Wisconsin or somewhere, they were getting rid of fencing and a couple of other things.
I don't know what it was.
Really.
It just seems so sad to have to only rely on, you know, college football.
Is that all they're going to have to make money, you know.
Yeah.
But I didn't think that was the objective, to make money.
But it seems like it is.
Huh. It really is.
I know there's a lot of pressure on schools to have a winning program. To get the best athletes so they can keep their seats full.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
You went to Indiana University?
Uh, Purdue.
Oh Purdue,
okay.
Yeah.
Well, good.
So.
You're, you're a T I up in Sherman?
Uh-huh.
Oh, very good.
Are you from Dallas area?
Yeah,
yeah,
I'm in the facilities there, down here in Dallas.
Yeah,
I guess football is the big sport down here, isn't it.
Uh, certainly high school football, and college football,
but again high school football is just so much fun to watch,
because, uh, you know, not everybody plays of course, but they're still,
it's good
and it's still,
you know the kids,
and there's absolutely no money involved whatsoever,
Yeah.
and you know they're going to class, you know.
You heard of, Have you heard of Damon Bailey. The I U white guard that plays.
It, it's, it's real amateur sports.
Huh-uh.
Huh-uh.
Well, last year, when he was in high school, they drew a crowd of like forty-one thousand for the state finals, when he played.
Is that right?
I never heard ,
that's, uh,
I never been in a football game in high school that had that many.
Yeah,
so that's, I mean, that's pretty big.
Like he's from Indiana,
and he plays for Indiana now.
And, Indiana him to be a lot bigger than pro basketball up there.
The Pacers don't really draw that big of a crowd
You know, the high school games, I mean, that seems to be the big attraction, and college.
Well, my office mate here, Earl, he, he goes to all the Maverick games
and he loves that.
He, he would be,
this is a great question for him, uh, to talk about
Like he's got,
I'm looking at his calendar,
he's got all over the place,
and he goes to a lot of the Maverick games and everything.
But, I, I, I can't get interested at all,
zero.
I, I listen to him,
and occasionally I'll watch them on channel eleven,
but gee,
I can't, uh,
more than five minutes of a basketball game, just seems about,
that's it,
of, uh, pro anyway.
Yeah,
seems like you could set the score at a hundred and then give them five minutes to play,
Yeah.
then it'd be the same result.
Yeah.
Because they, they start,
they shoot so much,
and then the last, what, five minutes they decide who's going to be the winner, I guess.
Uh-huh.
Yeah,
I'm surprised a little bit when you're talking about basketball how some players work.
Mavericks had, oh two players this year that they got rid of last year.
I'll think of them in a minute.
Perkins, Sam Perkins,
can't think of the other one.
They're both.
Tarpley,
is he one?
Pardon me?
Tarpley?
Yeah,
Tarpley,
and they both left this past year,
and both of them were on playoff teams, uh,
so, they benefitted tremendously by leaving the Mavericks.
Yeah.
And Sam Perkins, here, he's one guy I did follow
from,
think he was in Virginia,
I can't think of what school he went to,
but from.
I guess he's been here about five, six, seven years in the pros.
And he was,
he never quite achieved the, you know, the super stardom that he had in, in college,
Uh-huh.
but, uh, basketball, they have a nice,
I don't know if you've down to the sports for Reunion Arena.
It's,
