I know they have a waiting list and a quota on immigration now.
I've lost track.
I don't really know.
I, I do have some opinions,
but go ahead.
Yeah,
um, well I know that they're, they're real cautious about letting Middle Eastern people into the country now because of all the terrorism.
What,   What?  What all do you know about it?
Uh,   okay  ,
I hadn't thought about that, uh.
Uh, well I just have an opinion,
now I didn't think, I thought the terrorism thing was overstated, I mean,
there was nothing over here.
In fact even,
this is not our subject, I guess,
but, uh, maybe it is or isn't, I suppose.
Yeah.
My wife when she talked about the Middle East
and everyone's afraid, you know, of how the war was going to go and everything,
I said, I told her, no,
it's just not going to happen.
There's not going to be any terrorism over him,
and there wasn't, you know.
They just didn't have an organization,
but, uh, I, I, I'm concerned that we're letting too many, that we don't have enough controls.
I think that, uh, the Asian gangsters that we've let in here
and if and the guys from, uh, Cuba, you know, there's a lot of criminals down in Florida that we've let in from Cuba that Fidel pushed off on us,
Uh-huh.
and, uh, and the last, you know,
out of all the Asians we brought in, there's a tremendous criminal element that we let in from, from Asia
and I think that  there's got  to be some sort of controls over that.
That's right.
I mean this Asia mafia thing is getting out of hand.
Uh-huh.
I don't, I don't, I didn't know what, I don't even know what our controls are.
I don't even know what, uh, if we have any guidelines at all, uh, on immigration.
Um, I always thought that we did,
but I don't, I don't, I don't know what they are right now.
There, I don't think there's much of, much of one, because I'm sure all the people from Cuba have been released from that camp that they were in.
Yeah.
And, uh, most of them, it's just like Australia, most of them were criminals from Cuba
Yeah.
and  I think that was just an attempt that, that Fidel Castro to undermine, you know the United States to some extent.
Yeah.
So he just released and got rid of all his criminals and sent them to us.
And it's almost the same thing in, in, uh, from Asia, because  a lot,  a lot of them was put out of business in Vietnam after the war,
Because we,
and,
I, I do have some sympathy with, uh, you know,
of course we have this big Mexican problem,
not a problem,
but I think that we need to do something with, uh, the immigration of back and forth across Mexico, uh
Uh-huh.
I, I'm sympathetic,
I don't know what the answer is, I guess.
I'm sympathetic certainly with that, that, that they want to come over here
and they, I guess hundreds of thousands come over every year to work.
And if, if they have jobs, you know, I hear the story that they're taking away American jobs.
But I don't know, uh,
I don't know how many American jobs they are really taking away.
Right.
So I, I'm sympathetic,
but I don't have an answer.
I don't uh, I think that we should have good relations with, with Mexico,
Uh-huh.
but that's not really exactly immigration.
It is
and it isn't.
I don't know to what degree we owe the people who come across before they're citizens,
owe the children education and all that, uh,
although, the idea of education is an answer to a lot of problems in the world.
So I guess it's what they,
Uh-huh.
their, the Mexican kids get a good education along the way,
and maybe that's a benefit to everybody, you know.
Yeah,
and a lot of the Mexican people just cross the border during the daytime to come over here and work
Uh-huh.
and they have green cards.
And, uh, then, like you said, a lot of,
I run into people every day that can't speak English.
Oh, yeah.
And, uh, and, and most of them, you know, are working in janitorial positions
so,  So, I,  I don't know,
Yeah.
And that,
like you said, I don't know how much, how much they're taking from the work force, you know.
Yeah,
I never thought that they were much.
I do cringe when I hear some of the problems we've had.
Uh-huh.
Um, uh, of course you mentioned the language.
I feel so bad that we, here in Texas, or certainly the southern part of the United States, uh, California, Texas, and all that, why our kids don't speak fluid Spanish, uh, by junior high, you know as well as us, you know
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
so that we could, wouldn't have the language barrier certainly.
That, that, that is a shame that we have this tremendous border of Mexico,
and then, in Europe, you know, they speak their French and all
and they try, they go out of their way to try to speak their neighbor's language so they can understand.
We, we we don't really even make an effort to speak Spanish,
Uh-huh.
and I feel bad about that
Go ahead.
Well, that's,
I
yeah
I took Spanish in school,
and that's, you know, one reason that I did it  is because,  because whenever you travel anywhere near the border, you know, there more and more people speak Spanish.
Yeah.
Yeah,
I guess it's never too late.
I, I do have some Spanish books,
and I've always, uh,
every year I say I'm going to try to speak some newcomers language, you know.
I don't know if it's costing us any money
or how much money they're putting into it, uh,
that's always a factor,
I mean how much, my wife says, How much the federal government is putting into it immigration.
Well yeah,
well, it's basically on the, well,
I think it's mostly concentrated toward the borders,
and, uh, it's more, um,
the immigration is tied in with, uh, drug trafficking.
So they have to watch out who comes in,
and, and they're always finding drugs on, you know, on the most, um, calls out in innocent looking kind of
Yeah.
I forgot what they found,
but a dog found it the other day, you know on the border.
Oh, yeah.
Oh yeah,
I, I, I think that certainly is a problem.
I guess our immigration history, that's a great subject.
They, uh, didn't say to talk about that,
but that is, I mean,
on Ellis Island, they,
you know they're redoing that and going to make it a museum, a national museum.
Uh-huh.
That certainly was interesting,
since all of us had, uh, ancestors that came over that way.
Or not all,
but I guess, I guess if you go back far enough you came over on a boat originally, you know.
But, uh, a lot of us have parents, grandparents,
my grandparents came over in about eighteen ninety or something like that.
And I'm sure they came over, you know, through Ellis Island, you know.
That's right.
Well. *slash error Yeah,
So we all immigrants, one way or another, well
we certainly are, coming from Europe.
and one of the, one of the things that really gets to me, uh, about the Mexicans is that, um, once they have children over here, their children are American citizens then.
Oh, yeah,
those were laws are unusual.
Yeah,
and then they'll ship the parents back
and that leaves the children without any parents.
So, And they, you know, and, and they just follow the rule no matter, you know.
Yeah,
So that doesn't seem fair to the children.
sometimes common sense should take over rather than,
yeah,
that's a law doesn't sound like it makes any sense at all that you would do it that way.
Right.
Uh-huh.
You would think they could at least get a, a, a visa or something until they, uh, get citizenship.
I'm sure they want to.
Yeah,
and then they granted them amnesty if they could prove, when was that, it was in the eighties some time if they could prove they'd been here five years.
Oh, yeah.
I heard something about that, yeah.
And, uh, a lot of them had been, you know.
Yeah.
Some of them, some of them moved back and forth,
but  uh,  most of them don't ever want to go back to Mexico,
Yeah.
especially  the way it was then.
Oh no.
Oh, no,
I, I could see, you could see why.
Uh-huh.
I don't know how much immigration we have from Europe and everything.
What the controls are.
I think most, you know, like especially the celebrities and everything, they just have a, uh, well, they have to get a green card if they going to do any kind of work, you know, in movies and, and such.
Yeah.
But most of them have temporary visas.
Yeah.
I guess you can get work visas pretty easily, uh.
As long, it's like well,
it's a kind of a bad, a bad, bad example,
but when Rafael Septien took the job with the Cowboys they had to offer his job to any other applicant that could do it.
Yeah.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
So that, you know,
and that's the thing with the jobs.
Yeah.
And of course no one beat him out.
Yeah.
So, you know. He just ruined his own career,
so.
Oh, well yeah.
Yeah
Yeah,
well it's still interesting after all this time that we're probably one of the, one of the few countries that people are still desperately trying to immigrate to.
Uh, although I guess Europe, now that the Communism is falling apart, that maybe there'll be, won't be that much of a rush to get out of all the Communist countries, uh,
I guess Poland now, now is noncommunist
so maybe not,
Uh-huh.
maybe immigration from Europe to here will you know slowly, uh, change,
maybe it'll be, even out like trade, you know.
So many people will immigrate here in the twentieth, at the year two thousand,
so many of the people will go back overseas.
You know, maybe it will average out,
I don't know.
Yeah,
I think  so.
It  doesn't, has, doesn't seem so far.
Because there are other I, uh, job opportunities, in Europe that there aren't here you know, even, um,
Uh-huh.
like orchestra players can find a job sometimes line in Europe when they can't find one here.
Uh-huh.
And I'm a trumpet player.
Are you a teacher?
Uh, no,
I, uh, I don't any more.
I just went to school
and I was a music major for a while.
Oh, really,
yeah.
But I had a trumpet teacher that played in the Mexico City Symphony.
So,  so he had to have a work visa there.
Yeah.
Oh.
And of course they had a lot of musicians from, from other countries  and, uh,  in the Mexico City Symphony.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
But I think, um, like three out of the four other people in the trumpet section are from Mexico now.
Oh, really.
But I think the conductor, I don't know, or one of the conductors is, is from another country.
Uh-huh.
It's like any other symphony.
Yeah
You know, and then, and Eduardo Mana's from Mexico
so he had to,
