Yes,
what, what major changes have affected your life?
Well, I think that, uh, women, women working is the one that really affects me most strongly right now.
Um,
You mean yourself, or women in general?
Well, women in general, and, and also myself.
Uh-huh.
But, um, it used to not really make a difference to me, um,
or at least I didn't think so.
But my mother worked,
and I kind of now wish that, that she hadn't. That, um, that she had, um, stayed home,
Uh-huh.
and right now I'm kind of stuck because I'd like to have children,
but I'm not ready to do that because when I do have children I want to stay home.
So I'm having to, uh, try to figure out a way to be able to do that.
Uh-huh.
And, in, in our society right now that's really something that's, that's, um, not respected,
and it's not, it's not, um, it's not easy to do at all.
Uh-huh.
I mean, there's a great deal of sacrifice that has to be made on the part of a family if the, if the wife is going to actually be a mother.
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
That's interesting,
because that relates to the thing that, that strikes me the most,
and I'm sure you've, you've labelled the cause, because what strikes me the most in the changes in society is the way kids behave.
And,
Uh-huh,
I think that that they have to be related.
That's right,
that's right.
And you know, I mean I was thinking it just, you know,
my complaint would, would be, um, that I think that, you know, the kids in the neighborhood run wild,
and they, they destroy property,
and they, you know, steal each other's toys and stuff
and there's just no respect for, for people or property,
Uh-huh.
and I guess, you know, when you stop to think of it, these kids have probably been deprived of a lot of attention that they've needed all their lives.
Uh-huh,
I think that that's probably true.
Scary,
I just wish there was a way,
I know that in, in, you know, in Sweden, what they have there, it's really their medical plan, but it also deals with this subject, because if a woman, uh, is working and I think even if she's not, and has a child, the government subsidizes her to stay home and raise the child.
Uh-huh
But for how many years?
I don't, I don't know.
Uh-huh.
Until it, um,
I'm sure until at least school age, and maybe longer.
Oh, that's great.
What this does is, it allows the government to subsidize her to be the mother of her children rather than to subsidize child care to raise the child for her.
Uh-huh.
Right.
And I think that that's a real, a much, much more viable solution, really.
Uh-huh.
No,
I agree, a hundred percent, a hundred percent.
I guess I was lucky, because I was teaching,
and so I was able to just go to a class and teach when my son was little,
and so I'd be gone, you know, an hour and fifteen minutes or something at a stretch.
Oh yeah,
that's great.
And, then, yeah,
very soon he was old enough to just go and sort of stay in my office
and you know, nobody seemed to have a big problem with that
Uh-huh.
So. That's an interesting issue though.
Um, yeah
Um, goodness,
what else?
Oh, there's been so many,
how do you just,
Right,
I've,
actually another one that I, a question I would have is,
I guess I'm being, you know, beyond the age of thinking of this, this problem.
I had an argument recently with my boss,
I think it was, about the need for women to work.
But I think you put your finger on it, when you said that they're not respected if they don't work, because it seems to me that a lot of people I know, women I know, are doing very menial jobs in a certain sense, certainly financially
Uh-huh.
and, I mean, when I see the amount of clothes that they buy and, and how much it costs them to buy fast food on the way home I'm sure that they're not making quote making money for the family on this
Yeah,
uh-huh.
Yeah,
really.
and, and probably you're right.
I don't see how they could be, especially not if they have to pay for child care.
Well, no,
even families that don't have child care,
I mean, you know, when I think of this one friend who makes probably twenty thousand dollars a year, and I'm sure she spends at least that in clothes, plus, you know, fast food every day, and out to lunch every day,
Uh-huh.
and,
You're probably right.
If she sat down and looked at it she'd be like, God, what am I doing this for, you know.
Exactly,
and I mean, you know, even though they don't have children, they, they have relatives
and, you know, the husband would certainly like a lot more attention,
and, and she wouldn't have to hire somebody to clean the house, and do the gardening
And, so, I, I guess you're right.
It's, it's
our society demands women to work if they're going to be respected.
Uh-huh.
Really sad
Yeah,
religion has changed, too.
Oh, that's true.
Um, uh, some people now it seems like are turning back toward actually trying to find out what they're in it for, instead of just, um,
it, it's, it,
some places still it seems like it's a social club.
Uh-huh.
You know, it's just a place to go, to visit, uh, to wear your nice clothes, and, and to sit around and talk,
but, um, I think a lot of people are really, you know, searching now to find, find out who they are, and who God is, and what all that really means now.
Uh-huh,
so that might be a positive change in society.
Yeah,
oh, it's, it's, um, it's beginning, I think.
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
I guess I haven't seen that as much in this area, although every now and then you hear about it.
Uh-huh.
Uh, but among, you know, people I know, I don't see a great, you know,
there are those people who have, have had serious questions all along, and, you know, are sort of pursuing it
Uh-huh.
but, um, the churches here are growing, leaps and bounds,
and I thought it was more because of the, the very transient nature of the area and that people were going basically just as you said, as a social to meet people, and that,
Uh-huh.
but, um, it's hard to judge,
and there are a lot of things changing, I suppose,
Yeah.
Just, you know, the whole, the whole environment, I find um, sort of, you know,
Uh-huh.
I wonder with, with all our chemicals and, and that and, and the foods we eat,
and, you know, young people that I know are getting very serious diseases
and,
Oh, yes.
Well, I guess that's always happened.
Probably.
Maybe not as much as now
but,
Well, it's just,
it's, maybe it's more unusual now, when, you know, somebody quite young gets certain kinds of cancer,
and in the past, maybe the same percentage got them,
but we didn't know it,
or, I don't know.
Well, I guess we've sort of run dry a little bit.
Okay
It was nice talking to you.
Nice to talk to you.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
