in Well I always think I'm paying too much taxes.
How about you?
Yeah,
oh definitely
Seems like,
Although at least Texas doesn't have a state income tax yet.
I mean, you know, they keep threatening us that maybe there will be a day that they're going to, uh, enact this I think, uh, the, um, other means of providing income for the state have been dwindling
so they keep trying to say we may need a, uh, state income tax
Yeah,
I think that, uh, we probably will have to have, have to, uh, have a state income tax because, uh, Texans don't approve of such things as lotteries, uh, well I, I, come here from New York
and New York had a state lottery,
Uh-huh.
and it really raised a lot of money for the, for the state.
Uh, although we,
in New York we had to pay a state and a city, uh, tax.
And it was really a great relief when I got to Texas that I didn't have to pay that city income tax, though.
Yeah,
makes quite a bit of difference in your, uh, well your income level.
Right.
You know, because other states quite a a chunk out for, uh, city and state taxes
so you're, uh, looking at your yearly salary, it makes quite a difference.
It sure does make a difference.
A little more take home here
Uh-huh.
Do you live in Dallas?
Yeah,
Richardson area.
Oh, you do?
Yeah,
I work at, well mainly the Expressway Site is where I work like
Oh, I do too.
Oh, okay
Okay,
and then, you know too, that, um, taxes are, are less, like if you live in Mesquite.
Yeah.
You know, some people will go shopping in Mesquite at the malls out there, uh,
Or up to Collin County, somewhere that you're getting out of the, um, Dallas County area because, what do we pay, like eight and a half percent, something like that for the, uh, sales tax.
Uh-huh.
Eight point five.
Uh-huh.
Which, yeah, that really is pretty high.
Is it the
is it, uh, less in Collin County than it is in Dallas County?
or I guess maybe if I was going to buy a car or something, maybe I would consider where I was buying it, to try to, you know, save a little bit on that sales tax, because on a car that really kind of mounts up
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Yeah,
it sure did
and then once you could deduct at least some of that, um, off, off your income tax
and you can't do that anymore.
Yeah.
It really hit me yesterday, I had, uh, air conditioning service for my car done.
And I had a little, little, uh, coupon special that was twenty-two dollars for, um, air conditioning service where they, uh, checked it and recharged it and put one, one pound of freon in
Uh-huh.
and if you needed another pound of freon they
it, it was like seven dollars and something.
And then with the with the twenty-two dollars and the seven something, it all came out to, I, I ended up paying like thirty-four dollars.
Yeah,
yeah
that's true.
Although I I wish, you know, overall they'd try the lottery again.
When did you first come to Texas?
Really, where did you come from?
Um, well, Ohio, kind of.
My parents live in Ohio.
I had lived a little while in Michigan,
Oh, uh-huh.
but, you know, basically I went to high school and college in Ohio and lived there uh, more years than I ever did in Michigan.
Uh-huh.
Well, uh, I did visit, uh, Michigan, I visited Kalamazoo once.
My sister used to live there.
Oh, okay
Uh-huh.
But you know, when we first came down here, I really thought this place was somewhat backward, I mean, I was just shocked that we couldn't shop on Sunday.
Remember that?
Uh-huh.
But, uh, there were stores that you could go to, uh, you know, like discount stores and stores down in the village and just all over the place where you could go to
and you could shop until like twelve or one o'clock that night
and that was like, that was really the only night they were open that late,
but it was Christmas eve.
Uh-huh.
And when I came to Dallas, I thought I was going to do that Christmas eve
and I couldn't find hardly anything open, after five o'clock in the afternoon.
Were you shocked like, oh no, I'm stuck I need to buy stuff.
An I was, oh, I was, I really, I really was stuck
And I think Target was the one that stayed open later than any, anybody else.
And, uh, I was able to pick up a few things in there,
but, boy I was, I was really shocked.
And then another shock I had well, when I went to, um, to buy a slice of pizza and found out that I had to buy the whole pie.
Uh-huh.
Oh, few places now seem to do it by the slice
but,
Yeah,
now,
but they,
back then they didn't.
Right.
When I first came, no.
Anyway,
Well the, the, uh, there was other things too, I mean, I think it's taken us Yankee's influence down here, to get them to, uh, come to the, you know, the correct decade here and century.
Um, I couldn't believe that you could have open containers of beer, alcohol, whatever, in the car!
Right.
Right.
voice says, that's not the I mean, you could always, um, uh, be careful about that back then because, uh, you know, if if a cop stopped you then you would, um, you know, get arrested or what not.
Uh-huh.
Yeah,
and talk a talking about alcohol and beer, look at the taxes on that, and the taxes on a package of, of cigarettes.
And people would just drink openly.
I used to smoke, you know
Uh-huh.
and, uh, that would have been enough to, to make me, me give them up.
The price of them now,
but I gave them up a couple years ago because I had some sinus problems.
Oh.
I don't smoke,
so I don't really know what the, taxes are and stuff on it.
Well,
Well they're like two,
or, I, I believe they're hitting two dollars a pack now.
Um.
A little bit, a little bit more in some places.
So you end up about paying about twelve dollars for a pack and two dollars of that is taxes.
Huh.
Gee.
Um, because I remember we went to, to Oklahoma to this bingo place. This Choctaw Bingo, uh, a couple weeks ago
and somebody that went with me bought a carton for, uh, ten dollars and something
and they really thought they were getting a big discount.
They're cheaper there?
Well because, it's, you know, the Indians, I don't think they pay tax.
Oh!
In, in Oklahoma.
Oh, I got you,
okay.
And, uh, it was a Indian, well it's a bingo hall for the benefit of the Indians there.
Uh-huh
Although I didn't see very many Indian people in there
There were just bus loads of people that come from everywhere else to play that bingo because it's, it's, the stakes are higher and payoffs are bigger and so forth.
Well how did you do?
I won a dollar
A dollar, oh well,
but you had fun playing, right.
Yeah,
I had fun, uh, a couple on the bus won some money.
One, one guy won
