Okay,
do you, uh, think we should go metric?
Well, I, I, oh, I don't know.
It's kind of a tricky question, because I think it's, it's a practical system,
Yeah.
obviously, if it's all compatible and it, you know, tens
and things make sense.
Um, it's, it's a switch.
The problem would just be the switch over.
Yeah.
I think that the, I think what,
I mean, I don't know what happened last time.
I remember they tried it in the seventies at one point or something
and,
Right.
That's when I was in the elementary school years
and we all, We all learned that metric
Yeah,
me too.
and they were ready,
we were going to be metric
and,
Right,
and, and I don't quite know why it failed.
Um, I would bet the push, I, it, I bet the push just wasn't big enough.
Right.
You know, they didn't sort of encourage, I mean businesses and things to use it,
so, you know, what, what I think they'd have to do would be to have both things on there for a while, and then, and then start phasing things out
so,
So I think that's what they did at first, was that they had metric
Yeah.
and, and I mean, and there's things that we've gone metric.
We have metric cola now,
Right,
I was just thinking, two liter bottles are what you buy and one liter bottles.
you can buy that
and you can,
You don't buy quarts and gallons anymore of soda.
So that, you know, so that, we have little things that are metric,
but no one talks about, you know, uh,
you buy nine by twelve frames,
you don't buy centimeter length frames, and cooking pans.
Right.
And, and, and even though the car says miles and kilometers,
you don't say,
I went, a hundred kilometers. You know.
Uh-huh .
Right,
fifty-nine kilometers per gallon.
Yeah.
I would, I would be total loss.
Yeah.
That's,
I think, I think, though, if there were some, you know, sort of government incentive program or something people would begin to switch over, you know,
Right.
and I think there would be the hard core older people who would get really pissed
and, pardon my expression there, but, uh, who would get really, you know, upset and start to complain and get all cranky and stuff.
Uh-huh.
But I think in the end it would make life a lot easier for people coming up.
Yeah,
it really would.
It's, I, I, it's, because I think they had a good try there when they started with us in the elementary schools, trying to, you know, get that in our minds, so that we could I mean
because I think our generation could make a change.
Yeah.
It would be difficult,
but it would not be as difficult for people, say, fifty years old now who are, have never been exposed to the metric system other than, you know, buying a two liter Coke.
Right.
That's
Well, what I think, I think the difference between now and then might be, this is just a might, is we were the first generation that was in elementary school.
Right.
And if they kept it up,
so let's say, imagine they had kept going,
you'd have, you know, two or three more generations that all now are, are familiar with the metric system.
Right.
Not like could use it comfortably right now,
but I could convert, you know,
I could carry around a little conversion card or something
and, I could handle it for a while, and then, and then eventually I'd learn,
Right
and I think that before, it was just, you know, just a bunch of little kids using it.
Right.
And now I think there are enough people,
you know, sort of as we get older, I think others that will bring more generations in on it, eventually they'll be able to make the switch,
and we're not going to start going crazy and yelling and saying, what are you, crazy, we can't understand you.
We'll say oh, it's a pain in the neck,
but it's for the better
and we'll sort of deal with it, I think.
That's true.
That makes sense.
I don't know.
I, I, I would hope it would, uh,
it seems like it's a reasonable system.
I mean, everything seems to be based on the same thing.
Well, I was trying to think of what kind of things you'd have to change,
and you'd have to change your height on your driver's license.
Right
When you wouldn't be five foot eight anymore, uh, you'd be a hundred and seventy centimeters,
Centimeters.
and then you'd be lighter in kilograms than you were in in pounds.
Yeah.
But I wonder if, if,
So all the dieters would be happy
But yeah
right
I only weigh sixteen today.
That's,
Yeah.
But I wonder if that's even something that, you know, they, they have to change immediately.
They could just, you know, sort of phase that in,
so start, you know, from now,
like from now on all licenses would have that, rather than going back and changing everything, you know, all new licenses as of nineteen ninety-two would have it or something.
Right.
And they'd have to change that little ruler that's on the door of the seven eleven that, tells you how tall the robbers are when they, to hold it up.
That's right.
I know the,
and, oh, yeah,
I know, though, at the, uh, at the amusement parks, they say if you're under forty-two, inches or something. You can't walk in here.
Right.
You have to be under.
Well, I guess what, what, I bet what they do in that case, they, uh,
see, what some of them is like, you know, they say if you're not taller than this line.
Right.
this line, which is seventy-three centimeters.
That's right.
Just so you'll know,
It would be a neat case where like, where kids taught the parents, I think, you know.
Right.
Because isn't it pretty much everywhere in the world?
I know England is not metric.
But I don't know.
I, I don't think they are, because our, um, our measurements started in England,
England is not?
Oh.
all that began back there,
and I think they're the only part of the continent that hasn't changed over to metric.
Yeah,
but I mean,
but, but virtually the rest of the world is.
I mean, it seems like like, like, like sort of stupid.
Right.
I mean, we are, of course, we are Americans
and we're supposed to be, you know,
We're the trend setters in the world.
I don't know why we, We haven't changed to the sensible system.
That's right,
and, and now we're backwards.
I don't know.
No,
I, I, I would think, I mean, a, a, a base ten system as compared to a base twelve system makes a lot more sense.
Right.
Well, and it's not even base twelve for everything,
is it?
It,
No,
actually, no.
Um, let's see,
it's,
Well, pounds,
I don't even know what that,
I don't know.
Oh, yeah,
I, I always forget.
I don't even know how many ounces are in a pound.
I just sort of make it up.
See, and I don't understand liquid ounces and fluid ounces.
It's,
I mean, I don't know that I have that much concrete knowledge in the current measuring system that would prevent me from,
Right
Those, those wouldn't be a problem.
It's not like it's really entrenched other, you know.
A lot of stuff,
Let's see,
how many cups equal that?
I, I have no idea.
I just, uh,
I know things like, you know, a pint is a pound the world around or something.
Right
I don't, I didn't even know that
That's all I know.
I, I learned that because, uh, a friend of mine,
I, I had two friends,
and, I had more friends than that,
but two friends of mine in college,
I had a lot more than two,
I promise.
Well, that's good.
Um, we opened a jelly bean business.
Oh.
And we sold jelly beans,
and we had, uh, no idea how many, you know,
we, we didn't we didn't bother buying a scale.
Right.
We'd go out and just buy, you know, five pound bags of sixteen different flavors, put it in plastic shoe boxes and, and, and then sell them for x amount per pound or quarter pound or something.
Right.
And we, we didn't bother buying a scale,
and one of my friends was a physics, one of these guys was a physics major
and he said, well, just remember a pint is a pound the world around,
and he got the measuring cup and just measured, I think a cup or two cup, whatever is a pint.
Did you ever check it to see if it really was, a pint?
Gee, I think, I think he the calculation at home,
and it turns out that he was actually pretty close.
Um.
If anything, we were actually in favor of the consumer.
Right.
So, so we were giving them a little too much,
but that was our general tendency anyway.
Well, that's,
you all are nice business
Yeah,
well, we were, you know, we were in,
it was, it was almost like we did it for the hell of it in school,
we really didn't, make, you know,
Right.
I think we were only making seventy-five dollars each profit at the end of the year. You know, after, after an entire semester,
Right
but we had a hell of a lot of fun doing it.
Probably ate all your merchandise too.
Yeah,
we, we, we tended to eat a lot,
and our friends would just sort of walk by and just put their hands in it,
and we had another friend, um, the physics major again, he wasn't he wasn't aware of jelly bean physiology, I guess,
Uh-huh.
and he got into a snowball fight, with the jelly beans nearby,
and he just,
and, and some snow fell into one of the cartons.
Oh.
So he brought them into the bathroom to wash them off
And basically what we had, sort of non coated beans at that point.
Yeah,
it's a little problem.
What's inside the jelly bean?
Uh, it's just, uh, it's just the, the same,
they're like an outer coating,
and there's just sort of this stuff you see, you know, it's sort of like glorified sugar.
I don't know.
Uh, oh.
But when you rinse them off, all you get is, uh, is, uh, the coating,
