Well, this is the season for vacations.
And, uh, I guess for places I like to go, I enjoy going to the beach and having, having outdoor, being outdoors somewhere.
Someplace that's very different than Texas.
Right.
And I,
as far as, maybe, maybe as the summer heat comes along I would sort of like going somewhere where it's not so hot. And being able to be outside, enjoy outside activities,
so.
Yeah.
Enjoy going places where,
I enjoy playing tennis,
so I like to have a tennis court there,
or, or if it's at the beach, the beach is great.
A pool is great.
And, I ,
Where, where do you usually go?
Oh, well, let's see,
we have plans this year to drive up to the, uh, to Colorado.
Uh-huh.
And, we will be going to Estes Park, and Colorado Springs,
so.
Uh-huh.
One year we went to the southwest corner of Colorado, into Durango and north of the area there.
Uh-huh.
And I,
boy that's a nice, a nice place to visit.
It's really nice at,
there's a nice, nice train ride that goes up to the city of Silverton where they used to do a lot of silver mining.
Right.
And, uh, and then actually, north, north of that is another town and, a smaller, on a smaller scale, I guess, than Silverton.
But, I, and then there's lots and lots of real, of mountains that are covered with, uh, boulders.
Uh-huh.
So, I guess people Jeep through that area
and we did not have a chance to do that.
But, I sure would like to go back there and do that again.
Right.
We are, uh, we have not had a vacation in several years,
so, be our first chance in awhile, uh,
we are going to go to, uh, Destin, Florida, which is a very nice beach area, if you are not familiar with it.
I have not been,
but I have heard it's wonderful.
Oh, it's, it's gorgeous.
Uh, we used to go quite a bit, uh, before I moved out here.
We were closer and, uh, used to go almost every summer, uh, and, rent a condo there on the beach.
Uh, there's quite a few, uh, there's a lot of development of, of condominiums there on the beach front.
Right.
And, uh, so they have, uh, they are very, very large condos.
And, they have quite a few rooms, and, uh, so we, we will usually rent one for about a week or so.
And,
Right,
and the, beach is nice,
go down.
Oh.
the beach is really nice, isn't it.
Yes,
it's, uh, it's beautiful white sand and very clear blue green water, and a, lot of nice waves usually, uh,
Oh.
Sea shells.
enough, enough to make it.
I am sorry.
Sea shells.
Uh, there's not as many sea shells along there, uh,
that's the only thing that they really do not,
they have some, but not, not so much.
Yeah.
Um, if you go further down, uh, you will usually find some, but not right in there.
Uh, I do not know why it is,
but, uh, it just,
it seems not, it seems not to have as many there, right there.
But, uh, we, we enjoy it, uh,
it's,
the place where we stay is, we usually stay at the same place every year,
and they are, like I say right on the beach.
So,
Oh, where do you stay?
My husband always wants to go to Destin,
we just have not gone that direction yet.
It's a place called Jetty East, uh, J E T T Y E A S T,
and it's, uh, called that because it's at the very end of, uh, a jetty there, which is, uh, sort of at the end of this little, little point
Okay.
and, uh, it's a, at the very end,
it's the last set of condominiums there,
and it's, uh, it's very nice. Uh,
it's not very expensive, uh,
you can,
I think we are going to go with another couple and their kids.
And, uh, they have a, we have a, uh, I think it's three bedroom or two bedroom, uh, condominium, which will sleep, I do not know, quite a few about , six or eight. And, uh, cause it's got, you know, pull out couches and all that,
Right.
and, uh, I think it's going to cost us, per couple, about three hundred dollars for the week.
Oh. That's nice.
Yeah,
it really is,
because, uh, the, uh, you know, it has got its own kitchen, full size, kitchen and everything.
Great.
And, this one, I think has two baths,
and it's,
the one we got is on the, on the beach side.
So,
Oh, nice.
We have got a beautiful view and balcony,
and, uh, just,
you know, it's really a nice stay. Uh,
in fact, we stayed there on our honeymoon,
we, I had won a trip to the Bahamas, but did not get to take it on our honeymoon time,
so we instead went there, uh, and loved it just as much as, as if we had gone to the Bahamas.
We, in fact, we stayed an extra day or so, because we liked
Oh.
the, uh, the particular uh, uh, uh, suite we had gotten was very nice
and, so we decided to stay.
Great.
Oh.
But, uh, it's a pretty nice place,
you will need to try to go and, stay there sometime.
Well, we have just we have just,
It's a little far from here,
but, uh,
Are you driving?
Yeah,
we are.
We are,
it will take, uh, a day and a half to get there, probably.
Oh.
So.
Well, we are,
the neighborhood that we live, they are switching to an alternate calendar this year,
so it,
starting, well, starting at the end of July, we will have two vacation weeks in October and two vacation weeks in March.
Uh-huh.
So that will be an interesting turn on vacations for our family.
So, I,
Uh, what does, what does that mean, alternate?
Well, it's,
what it truly is supposed to mean is nine weeks of school, three weeks of vacation, nine weeks of school, three weeks of vacation.
Oh.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, in, and in the summer would be more like a two month, two month break.
Right.
So, and they hope to boost the, they hope to boost the learning of the children. Just the retention of the material for them.
I see.
So, uh,
Kind of scattering the vacation out, throughout the year.
Yeah,
Yeah.
yeah.
So, it's
so, anyway, so maybe, maybe within a year, we will see how that falls
Right.
We will head for, we will head for Florida, maybe in somewhat of an off season, instead of summer.
Right.
So, uh.
Okay.
Well, that's probably all we need to do today.
Okay.
Alright.
So long.
Thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
