Okay,
do you want to start?
Okay,
uh, I haven't, I don't know that much about the what the possible choices could be about reorganizing the trial by jury,
but, uh, I think it works better than many other systems, like having a judge decide.
Uh-huh.
I can't think of many alternatives that could be more fair than having twelve people decide, although it's difficult because they all have to be unanimous.
Now that, do you, do you agree, that they should all be unanimous?
I don't,
Or even, even in, uh, like they said, you know, lesser, you know, trials, you know, lesser convictions, do you think that they should be all unanimous still?
I don't know,
I don't know if I feel, I don't feel real strongly about that.
If the, uh,
the thing is, though, I, I didn't think even if it was a lower conviction, I didn't think that you could, uh, I didn't think that you really had to have a, a jury
Uh-huh.
Unless, I guess, if you request one you can.
But I think,
yeah,
making it unanimous sometimes might, uh, let, the only thing, it might let more people get off.
I don't think it would convict any more people.
Uh-huh.
And we have so many people already, you know,
the jails are already overloaded.
Well, the thing is they stay until they all are unanimous.
I mean if one is determined that it's, you know, that he feels that he's, you know, going against the other eleven, they all stay until everyone agrees.
So I don't know if it would leave anyone getting off more unless someone just gets tired of fighting, you know, just gives in.
Yeah.
Well, if it's,
no,
but they, they, what if they never agree.
Doesn't it just, uh, do they have to go back and do a whole new trial
or,
And they have to stay in until they all agree
Agree
yeah.
I don't know,
I'm not sure if they go, I mean to twelve new people or what they do exactly,
but I do know for sure that all twelve have to agree before he can either, you know, either he or she can either go free or to jail, either one.
Yeah,
and that maybe on the lesser crimes that aren't too severe, that's a little stringent
Uh-huh.
Especially because there's twelve.
The thing about it is, I think jury selection, too,
a lot of times, uh, the lawyers are able to pick and choose who they want on the jury
and they can sway them that way, too.
That's, that's just it.
I don't understand.
You're supposed to, you know, go in if you have, you know, like if you've never heard of the people before or anything,
but I don't understand with racialism and the way religion is and everything else how you can get people that are total, totally impartial to it.
I know.
I don't think, well, I guess you really can't,
but the other thing is when they have the sensational trials, how they get people who aren't swayed by the news either.
Uh-huh.
So, uh, but then, again, you know, they, the, one of the questions they asked is, should it just be decided by a judge
and that's kind of tricky, too, because a lot of positions the judges are in, they, they can't be fired, you know,
they have to, they stay till they retire
Uh-huh.
and sometimes they're pretty partial in their judgements, too
Yeah,
I agree.
I don't think it should be left up to the judge alone.
Not only, you know, that they have to stay in there,
but, hey,
how many times have you heard of judges being bought over.
I know.
You know, so it, it's, I, I think, I think in, in the end, the judge has the presiding, you know, uh, vote.
I think he can be, you know, I, I don't know if it's the way it is in real life,
but I've seen it on T V where the juries go one way
and the judge totally finds it obnoxious
and he completely, you know, goes the other way.
Yeah.
Now, I'm not sure if the judge is allowed to do that in everyday life or what.
I think in some cases they are.
Uh-huh.
But they know they get to decide how severe the sentence is if it's, you know,
Yeah.
so that's another thing where they have the power,
but maybe juries could be less than twelve people
or would that be more fair or less fair.
Maybe there should be more than twelve people
I don't,
Oh, oh, my God.
If there were more than twelve, can you imagine how long they'd be sitting
I know.
I don't know.
I, I think it's just, I don't, I mean, I think it's as fair as it can possibly get,
but I just think it's really you know,
I mean, some cases go on for years, you know.
That's true,
and I've never been on jury duty,
but they have to keep going and going and going. And lose their, not lose their jobs, but not go to work.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
I, I don't know how it could be more fair.
Course, I don't know.
Maybe maybe they should be asking someone that's been on, on trial before.
It could be,
Really,
I've never seen one in real life either
so I don't have, you know, I don't know that much about it,
but I think, it seems that we have a, a pretty fair system compared to other countries.
I don't know how we could make it more fair.
I really don't.
Uh-huh.
The unanimous vote is questionable, though.
And, and how, how many cases get juries might want to be reviewed, too.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Because, uh, I don't know if you should really have a jury for a small infraction.
But I'm not sure who gets them
Uh-huh.
I don't know anything
I know.
I don't know that much about it either.
I just, I don't know.
I, I guess maybe if they'd go and they'd ask someone in jail, you know, how they can make it more fair for them or not,
but then again, maybe they should be there
so that is fair.
Right.
I don't, I, I don't think anyone's going to come up with a better way.
No,
whoever came up with this was pretty smart because it was pretty, uh, unique I think, when they started it.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
So, how long do we need to talk?
Do you know?
Oh, I think we can hang up anytime
Okay.
Uh, in, uh,
what do I do now?
Do you know?
Anything,
or just wait for someone else.
No,
I don't
what else to say,
so.
Okay,
well it was nice talking with you.
It was nice talking to you, too.
Bye.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
