Okay,
well I guess I enjoy eating out, um, uh, here and there,
or it's, it's a good change and, a good change from cooking and eating at home
and I guess I like a variety of, a variety of restaurants.
Uh-huh.
Uh, sometimes it's fun to go out and just have a hamburger and french fries and, and sort of a hamburger and french fry meal,
and sometimes it's, I enjoy it's, I enjoy going out having a formal meal.
Yes.
And, uh, sometimes it's nice to go out and have a salad.
Uh-huh.
Something,  you know,
Do  you usually go out, uh, with the children or without them?
Well, a variety.
I, I like to go sometimes without them
and, sometimes I, sometimes it's okay to take them along.
So
Right
Sometimes I think we pay the baby-sitter as much as paying for their dinner or lunches
Yes.
so, uh, it just, you know, it just varies,
we do a mix.
Sometimes it's really nice to be able to go out and eat with just my husband
and it wouldn't even really matter which restaurant it was, just to, you know, have a moment of peace and quiet without little ones at the table.
Yes.
Yes.
So, uh,  I guess  I guess actually on those, those times, uh, we even, there are times I even say, oh, please don't sit us next to a table with other children,
Well,
this is our night out.
So but, uh, anyway, where do you like to eat?
Uh, well, uh, we don't have any children
so, uh, we tend to, like to try all sorts of different things.
And, uh, we're very attracted to exotic food.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, we like Indian food, and Thai cuisine and, uh, sort of gourmet Mexican and, uh, things like that, as well as Tex-Mex and Italian and, uh, Chinese and things, and, and things of that sort.
Now, yes,
of course, we like to occasionally go out and get down and dirty with barbecue or hamburgers or something like that, too.
Right.
And, uh, we probably go out one to two times a week.
Right.
And, uh, uh, we're pretty much regulars at an Italian, local Italian restaurant.
Oh, which one do you like?
Momo's.
Oh, okay.
Well, it's been a long time since we've been in there
but, uh, but it's good.
There's an Italian restaurant over, over by the mall, over by, uh, Plano Parkway there,
Uh-huh.
Oh, is it Campari's or something?
I've heard about it,
I haven't been in there.
Well, it's good.
I haven't, my husband had been in there several times
and we went in there, actually we went in there for lunch one day.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, their pastas were great.
that's one of the things, a good pasta means a lot to me.
I, I like different kinds of food.
So, when we go out, I'm always looking for something other than the standard menu, even if, it's a Mexican Restaurant, like something other than, uh, you know the standard tacos, enchiladas, tamales and  fajitas now.
You're brave
Yes,
yes
and once in a while things backfire.
I mean, we've gone for Romanian food and Lebanese food, and things  like that
Oh, God.
And I'm not fond of some of those things
but we'll try, we'll try anything.
Right.
Ethiopian, we've had Ethiopian. And, uh, not in Plano of  course
No,
I don't think so
But, we really, we really do enjoy going out
and uh, and, um, I'm pretty adventurous in cooking, too, which also occasionally backfires.
Oh, well. Even though traditional it can backfire.
Yeah.
I think we're supposed to say what will bring us back to a restaurant or, or what attracts us to a restaurant.
How do you usually find a, a new restaurant?
Uh, well my husband's kind of the he, he's the ethnic fan.
So he's,
I don't know.
You know what, we read, we read the, uh, D MAGAZINE
Uh-huh.
So do we.
we, we check that and, uh, the Friday section in the newspaper the pull out section there.
Uh-huh.
They often do ratings of restaurants,
so
Right.
uh, we've, uh, we've usually, we often save those and ventured out on, from there, uh, just for something that had a high rating.
Uh-huh.
We have found, uh, a number of restaurants either through D and the, Friday paper and sometimes the, the OBSERVER. Which my husband usually picks up. And also through coupons.
Okay.
When a new restaurant opens up, they usually send out coupons.
That's,  That's right.
And you know, when  they say, you know, buy one get one free. It's hard to resist,
so we'll go in.
And very often we'll, find a place that we like
and we'll stick with it
once they, give, they no longer give coupons. We'll, we'll, uh, we'll stay there.
Oh good.
Oh, good.
But  we've found probably half of our sort of regular restaurants through coupons, and the other half through the, through the newspaper reviews.
Oh. Oh, yeah.
We, I guess we, we use the coupons, too.
That's true.
That's true.
I mean it's wonderful, particularly if you have more than two people and you've got say four or something like that.
It's very expensive to go out to eat.
Oh right.
Right.
So, yeah
that, that is really one of our,
it's almost a hobby with us.
Well I think that it's just, that's sometimes I think going out to eat it's, it's sort of a recreation.
Yes.
So, uh, just a, just a change of pace from, uh, eating at home.
Yes.
So, uh  anyway. I guess, uh, as far as, as far as service when we go out gosh, it's nice, it's nice to have someone come and wait the table. And clear the table and,
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Oh, absolutely.
And do the dishes
Yeah,
and do the dishes.
And, uh, actually it's kind of nice to, you know,
I always,
uh, a waitress or waiter that waits the table, it's nice that they're attentive
but it's not nice when they're too attentive.
Oh, yes.
So, uh, we've had experience with that, too.
So,
my sister, who also lives here in Dallas, uh, tends to, uh, chat with waiters and waitresses and become their best friends during the course of dinner, which drives me absolutely batty.
Oh, yeah.
Well,  how we
but ,
it may, it may help their tip, may not, huh.
What's your favorite restaurant?
Gosh, I guess just in Plano, I, Plano I like to go to Souper Salads.
Uh-huh.
Uh, Chili's, Chili's is always fine.
Sure.
I guess if we go to Dallas, into Dallas, we like, uh, the Routh, is it Routh Street Cafe.
You know, we've never been there.
Well  well, you would like it.
And  that's supposed to be wonderful.
Um.
You'd like it especially it you're adventuresome.
Uh-huh.
It just, we've, we've taken people there several times
and, uh, they have a good, they have a good choice of things that are very different sounding.
I guess, it's, whether you call it Southwestern
but, uh, oh we had venison venison chili one time. Which was absolutely wonderful.
Ooh.
And then I guess it must be seasonal
and we've been back,
oh, I guess it's in the winter season
well they've never had it when we've been back,
Uh-huh.
so. But, uh, well you ought to try that.
It's, it's, it's very  good.
I  would probably like that.
One or two times in my life I've ever had venison, I've loved it.
But, you know, just, it's just not,
I don't know people who hunt
so
uh
No.
That's, that's supposed to be a wonderful place.
uh, uh, uh, here in Plano, well, we tend to go to Momo's a, fairly often.
And, uh, sometimes we'll go, you know,
we, we also go to Chili's and, uh, Colter's Bar B Q,
and, and uh, we go to, there is a little Thai place that's over on Park that, we go to.
My husband particularly likes that.
We go into Dallas, a lot and, because we're both were from the Richardson, North Dallas area, up until fairly recently.
And, uh, we'll go down to, uh, Blue Mesa Grill, Mexican food,
and
Oh, that's good.
Yes,
I've been there.
