You ready?
Yeah.
Okay.
What have you seen lately?
Well, uh, it's funny, when I tried, to make the call the other days,
I thought,
I hadn't seen anything since DANCES WITH WOLVES
but today I went to see REGARDING WITH HENRY.
Oh, I'm dying to see  that.
It  was really good.
We
Oh.
uh, Jeff Wariner just got out of the hospital
Uh-huh
and, uh, Jeff and Deeanna went and another friend in the neighborhood,
and, uh, we all liked it.
We had both moms and, uh, fifteen year olds and a twelve year old
and everyone enjoyed it.
Oh, my goodness.
And, uh,
Oh, well  I am just dying to see it.
I went to dinner with some friends last weekend
and they said get a baby-sitter
and we'll all go see REGARDING HENRY
Yeah.
and I said, ooh, I want to see it so bad.
Well, my son had gotten to see a lot of movies this summer, on, choir tour and visiting friends and one thing and another. A lot of the ones I had wanted to see
Oh.
and so since he had this friend up from Houston, uh, and his friend had already seen so many and I thought they decided on this and I thought well, I want to see this one, too.
So,  we, uh,  I
Yeah.
finally, it's my first summer movie
Oh my.
Well, let me see.
Was it,
well, we went to see ONE HUNDRED AND ONE DALMATIANS last weekend
and that may be,
no,
right before I went in the hospital my girlfriend said come on,
we're going to the movies.
And we won't,
well she goes all the time
but I go maybe once every couple of months.
Yeah.
And when I go, I go see two at a time.
So we went to see SOAPDISH,
and
Oh,  was that good?
Cause,
Oh, hysterical.
We laughed so hard,
it was just, you couldn't hear half the dialogue because everyone in the audience was  laughing   so hard.
Yeah.
Well, I want  to see that and CITY SLICKERS both.
I love   comedies.
Yeah
But, that's what I was
that's the other one that we went to that night.
Oh, was it?
And, my face hurt so bad, from laughing because I love Billy Crystal.
Oh
And course, growing up on, on the back of a horse, you know, and being on ranches and stuff, so much of that was so true
and I was absolutely rolling in the aisles.
It was so funny.
Both of them were great.
Oh, well good.
I'm, I'm glad to hear that  because they,
Oh, they are,  are
we just laughed so hard.
And like I said, with CITY I mean with SOAPDISH, it is so cornball
and it is so overacted that you're just hysterical you know.
Uh-huh
Just, they just carried it off, to the tee.
Well, I don't, I don't know if you got to see WEEKEND, um, AT BERNIE'S  that  was out a couple of years ago.
No.
They had a free showing at the Berkeley, um, United Artist.
How neat.
And, I don't know who was here or whether Jay called a friend
and we didn't think we'd have much chance of getting in
but we thought we'd try it, you know, free movie.
Shoot,
yeah.
It was so funny and it sounds like, uh, what you were just describing, SOAPDISH, too.
I mean, we just, we hurt by the time we came  out.
Oh  yeah.
And the whole theater was hysterical
and it's just, it's just goofy.
I mean, it's, uh,
if you have a chance to rent it, at least,
or it should be  out on T V, I would think,
Yeah,
I think it is.
I think it is.
Um, cause it's, it's just a fun summer light comedy,
make your cheeks hurt laughing.
Especially in the theater it was contagious, you know
Yeah.
I, I imagine the way SOAPDISH was, but,  with   everyone laughing.
Oh gosh
I never laughed.
And people were just screaming and applauding
and, you know, it was just hysterical.
Well, I'm glad you did that before your surgery
Oh, me too, because I don't even know if I could live through it now.
Yeah
I mean I'm getting around real good
and I'm just still real sore.
Yeah.
And today I was, I, course I went back to work two weeks after,  uh
Oh,  gosh.
but see I don't have permanent work.
I, right now I'm working with a temporary agency.
And so, the second week I was out of the hospital I went up and worked half day on the computers cause you can learn all the software for free.
Oh.
Oh, so I went up to do WordPerfect cause that seems like that's what everybody wants,
and I was up there half a day and came home and collapsed.
Yeah.
And then they called me to see if I wanted to work a day.
And I said, yeah,
and I went
and of course it took me the whole weekend to recover from that.
And, uh, I worked about three days a week ever since, two to three days a week.
And so I went to my doctors last Thursday,
and this was my fourth week checkup
and he said well gosh, you're just healing really well,
I just can't get over this.
He says, in two weeks you can go back to doing your crazy normal things.
If you want to play ball, you can go play ball.
He says, now I'm not going to say you're going to feel like playing ball
but you can if you want to.
Yeah
And, uh, you know, he was teasing me
and he says, yeah,
you'll be out there waterskiing,
I can just see it  now.
And, uh, he says so you just take it easy for two more weeks.
You've only got two more weeks.
I said okay fine, I, I will, I will
Whatever you call easy, I'll do it, you know.
But and I've been out trying to find a job because this is just not cutting it.
Yeah.
Yeah
And so, I don't, I'm real glad that we didn't go see those funny ones when I was, when I'm still sort of on the sore side.
Yeah
But,
well, what's your next,
have you seen ROBIN HOOD yet?
No,
that was one, uh, Jay got to see with a friend
and  so I
Uh.
and to try and, uh, try and find time it's hard, uh, with Jim's schedule, too, just to get a time  that we can both go.
Oh yeah.
And, uh, I'm holding out for CITY SLICKERS for the two of us because, uh, we had friends that went to see that and said, you know, it's just perfect for our age group
Uh-huh.
and because I think he, he needs a comedy, too.
Uh, and that's what he would have liked to have seen REGARDING HENRY, too,
but knew that, uh,
we've, we've got a lot of company this summer, which is wonderful.
We're really enjoying it
but some of the different things we're doing, uh  there's  just not a time, enough time to do it all
Uh-huh.
and he said, well, realistically  You know, he  knew he couldn't get them all in.
Yeah.
But, uh, Jay really liked ROBIN HOOD.
Um, when the choir group went to see BACKDRAFT and they thought that was, uh, it was funny cause he sounded like the critics.
He said, you know the plot line and the characters, uh, you know aren't real big
but the, the fire scenes and the  you know  that action part is fantastic.
Uh-huh.
But, he thought ROBIN HOOD was great.
It was real different then you'd expect,
but  but he enjoyed it
Oh  really?
and  so,
Well I went,
course I am a Kevin Costner fan.
Yeah,
me too.
And  yeah,
Supreme.
I really, uh, like him a lot. Which is why, DANCES WITH WOLVES was the last movie we had  seen   for several months
Uh-huh.
but,
Gosh, was that wonderful.
It was,
I, uh,
in fact, uh, a friend from Germany was visiting in March
and we wanted, we didn't, ran out of time, we wanted to take him to see it.
We were going to sit through it again cause we really wanted him  to see it, too.
Oh, yeah.
Uh, I just thought that was terrific.
And I really enjoy Harrison Ford which is one of the reasons  I wanted to see,
I do, too.
I think he's really good.
And he's very good in REGARDING HENRY.
That's not an easy part to play, I, I don't think
I wouldn't think.
Well, my kids are going to their Dad's tomorrow night
so I sort of think I may go do that.
Yeah.
That's at, that one won't your sides
Good
Um, it,
was this the first time you got to see ONE HUNDRED AND ONE DALMATIANS?
Or,
I
my parents took me when I was probably somewhere between Ashley and Jamie's age begin to
Uh-huh.
And we went to the,
