Okay.
Well, let's see,
well, we keep our paper, paper bags lined up in the garage for glass and, glass and, uh, plastics
and, uh, we make the dump over to the Wal-Mart bins there as soon as they're full.
I guess we collect milk cartons and whatever other plastics are acceptable.
Are you in the part of town where, uh, they have gotten into the other containers yet for recycling?
No,
no,
I didn't think that anybody had those at all yet.
Well, maybe they don't.
I, I know that was supposed to be in May
and I couldn't tell whether some parts of town had started it or if it was just everybody was, was waiting for the delivery of whatever those containers were.
Right.
Well, no,
I haven't seen any,
so I, I thought that it all, had all been delayed several times.
So I have no idea what they look like
and, I'm kind of anxious to see them.
Yeah, That's going to be interesting because it's, uh, we've gotten so convenient and conventional in trash disposal which is uh,
I look at our big green containers,
and I say, well, they work fine
and I keep mine outside the garage so that I don't have any odors
but it's clearly a place where, uh, uh,
Oh, right.
it will be interesting to see how well that works
and I am, I'm glad the community is doing it.
Uh, it's one of those things that kind of has to be forced on people.
Uh, I don't know if, where you grew up in your, what you saw back, uh, years ago,
but for me the thing that strikes me is I, uh, growing up in rural South Dakota where, hey the farmers brought their eggs to town and the local hatchery would candle them and package them is that, uh, in the fifties, uh, you could say we had the recycling going on then that we should have now. Which was all the milk bottles were glass
Right.
Right.
and you got a nickel or dime, which in that time was a lot of money, when you returned them.
Pop bottles all had a deposit on them.
Oh.
Oh, of course.
That, they did.
You know actually, we had milk delivered to our house in glass bottles
Oh.
and we had a milk shoot at the side of the house.
Uh-huh.
You could just leave the milkman a note on what you needed
Yeah.
and so you just put the empty ones back out there
and he took them away and put, you know, put another gallon of glass, glass bottle in there.
Yeah.
So, uh, yeah,
So, uh, you know, I look back at, at, uh, my childhood
and I'd say, you know, they were doing things then that we should be doing now
and so it doesn't bother me at all that we're, we're, uh, kind of starting to put the pressure on people to get away from all this, uh, throwaway society that got developed in the sixties and seventies.
Right,
right,
it would be nice, it would be nice to see it take a good turn here.
It seems like it started to take a turn and then it went away
so I hope that this time it, it stays.
Just, To see stacks and stacks of newspapers just to the trash is just amazing.
Yeah.
So, uh, you know, we, when we go dump, actually when we go dump our things, oh, we collect newspapers, too, and then take them,
seems like there's a pretty well, there's a pretty continual flow of people coming and dumping glass and dumping plastics
Uh-huh.
so that's kind of encouraging.
I didn't know, you know, I didn't know if we started to do that.
I didn't know what to expect.
Yeah,
well I'll have to say I'm, I'm, the only one I'm good at at this point is the newspaper. Uh, taking that to the Boy Scouts and my aluminum cans uh, getting rid of those,
Right.
but on the plastic, I have, uh, I don't have any habits there yet
and I'm, guess I'm waiting for the city to, to push me in that direction
but, But, it just seems like on the larger scale that, you know, the, we always talk about in our society is that economic strife things
Well, I guess they will shortly.
I, uh,
and I think if, uh, if we just start to put, you know, the nickel deposit on things, like, uh, was the case years ago that, uh, it would have more immediate effect, uh, than,
because I remember searching ditches for beer bottles because they were worth money
Oh, right.
and it seems like beer drinkers are among the worst for throwing things out the window
and so outside my little town, we would, uh, go out and look for long neck beer bottle because they were worth something.
Yeah.
Right.
Do you know, I saw in Tom Thumb yesterday, I saw the return to the, uh, the small Coke bottles.
Yeah.
And I don't know if there's a deposit on those or not.
I,
well that's interesting because,
they're back to glass, you're saying?
They were glass, they were the glass, uh,
well, let's see,
they'd be, I don't know, maybe ten ounce or six ounce or ten ounce. Sort of a small size, sort of a small size and, and we, anyway we just, we didn't stop and look them, look at them a long time
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
but, and they were packed in the old sort of six pack stick them down, you know, uh sort of, sort of a basket type thing.
Uh-huh.
The carton. The paper carton.
Right,
right,
so, I hadn't seen that in a long time.
Yeah.
Well, I mean the,
you really look and say a lot of the things we need to do, we were doing
and we had all the mechanisms in place with the fold up paper cartons, the wood uh, racks which now, basically, you could turn them into the plastic ones that would hold, uh, twenty-four bottles.
And, and, uh, uh, I'm not really say going back to good old days,
but certainly we were doing things the way we think we should do them now.
Yeah,
yeah,
well,
Well, it will be interesting to see how, over the next year, this all works out because, like on the, uh, grass, I'm, I know your husband, uh, doesn't really like the paper sacks.
No,
he doesn't like the paper sacks
and, uh, but he, but, you know, he likes to pick the grass up, too.
He doesn't, Doesn't,
Yeah.
I'm the, I'm the same way because otherwise, uh,
oh, I'm, I generally listen to Neal Sperry on Saturdays and Neal, uh, Neal's a person who says, I like to pick it up
but I don't believe in throwing it into the, uh, the landfill,
so I have my compost pile,
but most of us don't have the, uh, sufficient, lot size to, uh, to do that.
Right,
right.
Uh, so I'm glad the city's willing to take that on.
That's nice.
I guess they dump it the same place,
I wonder where they dump that.
Well, there's someplace, you know,
if it's,
because really, when I look at what my grass does in, in actually about twenty-four hours, uh, knowing what the farmers do in rural areas, they just take their hay and just build a big mound of it and it naturally, uh, composts or stores
and, uh, so all you have to do is just place it somewhere and churn it
and it will naturally decompose uh,
so you just have to kind of keep in separated
and then, uh, who knows how they process it from there and what they turn it into,
but it's certainly usable material.
Yeah,
yeah,
well they must, they must keep it separate if they have this date in.
Uh-huh.
They have this day now, that it's, you know, separate from the other trash pick up.
Right
But, I, the thing I don't understand about that is, like when,
it's one thing to send grass there,
but I've trimmed trees and other things which, uh, end up being something that, clearly won't decompose nearly as rapidly,
No.
