Is, uh, kind of fun.
It's best done when you have leisure time
and I had more of that in my childhood days than I have now
And I grew up in an area that, uh, was just a few feet from a rather large lake, and a few more miles from that was a even larger lake
and we had a variety of boats at our disposal Uh,
I worked for a camp for a number of years.
My father was on staff there,
and we had every kind of things from canoes to paddle boats, sailboats, speedboats,
you name it, they had it
and we did a lot of watering, water sports.
But I think, uh, the thing I liked the best was, uh, we spent about a summer
couple of guys, uh, restored an old wooden boat that was built back in the mid-thirties and got a new canvas sail for it and had a real big old foot center board that went down in the middle to keep you upright when the waves,
or the wind came from the side
and we got that thing in the water and had a real good time with it.
If you ever got it dumped over, though, it was a mess to get back up.
It wasn't like the newer ones that have nice chambers that keep it afloat or keep it, uh, upright again.
This one you had to work with.
You get out of the water again and get it upright.
And, uh, sailing was, was kind of nice to learn the maneuvers you had to make to work your way down a lake or work back up against the, the wind, as it were, tacking back and forth
and, uh, more than once we'd get out there on a really stormy day
and, uh, the storm or the wind was due to the front blowing
and you paddle your way back in and hope it doesn't start raining on you right away.
And that didn't always work.
We oftentimes got wet,
But, uh, it's, it's a nice, nice hobby to have.
Nowadays I don't think I could afford the boat or the time, nor do we live that close to a lake anymore,
so things change, I guess.
What are your memories of boating,
or current,
Uh, about the only memories that I have of boating, uh,
my husband's family had a, a motor boat, uh, when we got engaged
and they took us out on the lake several times.
And, uh, I really did enjoy that.
I, I don't know that I ever learned to drive it or anything,
but, uh, we did some water skiing, of course, and, and, uh, driving around the lake in the boat and, and just the basic safety rules and things I found real interesting. Uh, you know,
they, they just didn't patrol you like they did with the automobile or whatever.
The, the laws were there
and if you didn't obey them, uh you know, there were a lot of accidents, I guess.
Right.
That's true.
But, uh, I found the motor boating was real fun.
Yeah,
I remember learning how to ski, oh,
I guess I was seven or eight years old
and the lake that we learned on was the smaller of the two that we had access to
and it was maybe fifteen, twenty acres
and it was, uh it had a lot of, uh, turtles in it.
And I got all ready to go
and I was down in the water and, and set to go
and, uh, and just as that boat took off, a turtle bit me in the middle of the back.
Oh
It didn't hurt too much,
but it bit enough to where I let go.
And the boat went off without me
and I reached back there and pushed him away and got out of the water a, a while
and, and, uh, it didn't even leave a mark.
It was just a little nibble
and so I told everybody what happened
and they go, oh, yeah, sure, you know.
And so I get back down in there
and, and I'll be if he didn't do it again.
This time a little earlier and, and I had let go before then and, before they took off this time and, and swatted him away.
So I moved over a, a few feet in the water and got out of his little realm where he was living underneath the dock and, uh, managed to get up.
Didn't go very far,
but I got up.
And it, it was a nice, uh, nice long skiing career,
but now I've gotten to where skiing is just kind of wears me out more than it does thrill me.
I've, I've, uh, done about all I dare do on skis. You know, skiing on one and jumping around here and there
and I, I, I know how you can get injured doing much more than that
and I just can't risk it right now being a head of the family and the breadwinner and all that.
Just, uh, can't take the risk I did as a dumb teenager, I guess
So life just changes a little bit in that respect
I'd kind of like, someday, to maybe end up on a pair of skis that, that doesn't have a, uh, well,
what they call trick skis.
They'll allow you to ski backwards.
I haven't managed to get a hold on that, uh, craft yet,
but, uh,
That sounds like a real challenge.
Yeah,
it, it would be kind of nice.
I hadn't quite figured out,
I don't have anybody to teach me either.
That's another little thing.
You need somebody to kind of tell you what to do,
but, just from what I've seen, you just kind of work your way up to it and turn around real quick you know. Grab the rope behind you and then just let go real quick and let it whip you around.
Uh-huh.
But, uh, I don't know,
maybe someday I'll I'll get back to that as, after the kids are up and grown and the monies are there to get away for times on end, weekend or something.
Well, my son,
