So have you done any painting projects lately?
Yeah,
this is a great topic for me, because I just did my first two painting projects ever.
Oh, really?
Was not, not a big deal
What kind of painting was it?
two little deals,
The first one, um,
I helped someone repaint an apartment,
and it was very easy.
Uh-huh,
it, was it?
Yeah,
and I've never painted
I always thought it would be,
so, you know, you'd have to hire someone if you needed to paint inside your house or something
Yeah,
but I know I can do it.
Oh, uh-huh.
And the second one was I bought some toys at a, um, at a craft fair.
Uh-huh.
They're unfinished wooden book ends and stuff for a little girl for Christmas,
and so I decided to paint them,
and that wasn't as easy as painting the apartment
Oh, well, what kind of paint did you use for the, um, bookends?
Well, it's, uh, it, that's half the problem right there is that it wasn't, it was a oil base,
so I had to get,
and when I painted them, I didn't realize that we didn't have any turpentine or paint thinner or anything in the house.
So I had it, had it all over my hands.
At first I didn't realize, you know,
I had never painted anything,
so I didn't realize that I needed that.
Uh-huh.
I mean, I kind of knew, in the back of my mind,
So you can't use oil on wood?
Well, no,
you can use it on wood,
but I just had it all over my hands,
and I went to wash the brushes out, and, uh, wash my hands,
and you can't wash it off with water.
You have to get the, uh, a solution
and,
Oh, so you had to go around with paint all over you,  temporarily, anyway.
Yeah,
I had to drive to the store
yeah,
I had to drive  to the store with paper towels all over my hands to go buy some paint thinner, and and everything like that,
Oh,
and then, um, downstairs in the apartment, I just we just used a latex base,
and so you can drip it on, you know
if you dripped it on something, as long as you wiped it up, it was real easy to clean.
Oh, is, is that what you usually use in the house, is latex?
Yeah,
and, and it, it just like
Um.
the same with the toys,
it's just important to look for one that doesn't have lead in it, you know,
it says Safe for Children, and all that.
Uh-huh,
yeah,
I heard about that.
I guess a friend of mine had a, uh, well,
she, she just started up a day care center,
and uh, the, one of the real strict, uh, restrictions, was the fact that she had to have a special kind of paint that was fire proof and lead free and all that other good stuff
Yeah.
so, uh, she had that done.
But, uh, that you keep some, um, farm equipment in
Have you painted anything recently.
Wow, was it huge?
Uh-huh.
and, um, what I had to do is just coat this bare wood with a sealer,
and, uh, I had this big five gallon jug,
and it was like paint thinner.
I mean I, you know, it looked just like, it was the viscosity of paint thinner
Yeah.
but, uh, you just took a roller and put it on there,
and, uh, if you saw that the wood was getting wet, you know, that was, that was all you needed.
So.
Wow.
Yeah,
it was,
it used all of it.
I guess it was about three hundred yards worth.
So. Well, I guess it worked out.
It was pretty easy, actually.
Yeah,
I think though, um, we're lucky that we didn't have to do any detail work, because I don't know if I could, you know,
I don't know,
I don't know,
must be difficult,
Well what about the trim in your house?
Did you have to do that?
No,
it was it was really easy,
I just, like, what,
we had a couple of different size brushes you know, real easy,
Uh-huh.
I went around the trim,
and if it,
and there was wall paper,
like I was do, just doing just the trim outs that, around the doors and windows
and there was wall paper
and if we got it on the wall paper a little bit, we just wipe it right away before it dried,
Uh-huh.
it came right off
Oh, yeah,
so there was no major mistakes,
there was,
Did you have, uh, one coat or two?
Uh, two, actually
Uh-huh.
um, and it,
there was, um,
you know, around the windows, if you got it on the glass, we let it dry and scraped it after that
but that,
Yeah,
that would be really time, uh, a time saver.
Well, yeah,
if you just, you know
we didn't tape anything,
we weren't that careful,
but it wasn't, you know,
I don't know, it's, it's funny,
it's like, if you just go slow, you don't get, or at least I didn't get that many mistakes
Uh-huh.
I didn't make that many mistakes,
Oh, me, I would have had to have taped the whole thing, and then brushed around the edges,
and, and then I'd have probably rolled it on.
I'd, it would have taken me forever.
Why?
Just because you'd be afraid to do it, or have you done it before.
Yeah,
well, the first time it'd probably would have taken me forever,
so
Well, it wasn't,
if it was my own I would have,
but my friend said, oh just go ahead, you just go ahead, it's easy.
I said, Okay, it's your place,
Well, how long did it take you all?
Well, a couple of week ends
we would go down two or three hours on the weekends,
Uh-huh.
and,
So there was two of you all?
No,
there was, they were doing all sorts of repairs,
and there was, I was just painting because I don't know how to do anything else
Well, that's easy enough.
So, there's a whole bunch of people.
Um.
So now I feel like if I ever buy a house, I can probably paint, if nothing else.
I think I could probably do it uh, as long as the hardware store told me what to buy, then I could do it.
Yeah.
But you know, I went in to a hardware store to get paint for those toys,
and the guy said, Oh, get this, it's a nice shiny gloss, which was true,
but I didn't realize what, you know, pain it is to clean the brushes and everything, if you don't have latex
I don't if
it's worth the shine,
Uh-huh.
