Okay, well, um,
What kind of music do you like?
I, um, I was thinking about it for a long time,
and I like basically almost every form of music and type of music.
Um, I don't have a whole lot of dislikes.
I, um, like jazz, um, especially the blues,
and, uh, I like, uh, a lot of the, uh, of course the classics, um, everything back from Bach and, and Beethoven and Chopin and, um, just in general everything.
Uh-huh.
Um, I enjoy, uh, a lot of the, the modern forms, um, uh,
Do you like, like rock and those kind of things punk even.
Right,
right.
Uh, well, that gets,
some of the punk, um, when I was in high school, that was, uh, one of the big things, was punk music,
and, uh, a lot of it is, has a lot to say, or some of it has a lot to say, the music does, the lyrics do,
but the, the actual,
I don't think they have a whole lot to say, even
Uh, well, it, it's, it's, it really expresses some of the opinions of, of the people who enjoy the music
Yeah,
I guess.
um, but as far as a musical art form, I just don't see a whole lot of art to it
Uh-huh.
Um.
Do you like rap?
Um, some of it, um,
it depends.
I like, uh, the rap, the two types of rap I like, or I enjoy to listen to, and one is the, the rap that is just funny, um,
and they usually do a lot of satire
Yeah
um.
that kind I kind of like.
Right.
Some of it is kind of pointless,
Right,
the monotonous the monotonous,
yeah.
no
that's not,
I don't enjoy that at all when they're just talking about, well, I'm better than you, and blah, blah, blah.
Uh-huh.
I don't like that.
Yeah,
yeah.
I like the funny, satire,
and then some of it is, some of it actually gets into some serious discussions of problems in our, in urban society.
Yeah.
It really does.
It talks about, um, race relations and police relations
and, um, that, that
I guess I don't really care to listen to rap that much except for once in a while some of the funny more satire kind some times.
Uh-huh.
Um, I'm, with you though,
I like classical
Uh-huh.
um, I don't like to listen to it all the time, but, um, some of the time, anyway.
I like easy listening, just kind of, you know,
I guess I don't care much for rock and roll any more.
I used to like it all right,
but I don't really care to listen to it any more for some reason.
Um, let's see.
Country western, uh, I'm not quite as big on that.
Some of it's okay, uh
Yeah,
that's, that's about my opinion of that
yeah
It's, it's okay, um,
Some of it kind of falls in the rap category I guess,
so
Um. The thing about country western that I don't enjoy is is, doesn't seem to be any imagination behind it
Yeah.
the, one country and western song sounds like every other, country and western
a lot of them, sound, uh, really similar,
yeah.
and so the, the musicians don't get to really get into their music.
They just play a certain number of chords
Yeah.
the drummer plays a certain beat,
and you have a country and western song
Um.
and,
Well, that's kind of the way I feel about rock and roll sometimes, too, I guess.
They don't really,
has kind of the same sound over and over,
and the other thing I don't like about it is they have a tendency to play the instrumental so loud that you can't understand what the lyrics are
Um. Right.
you can't understand what they're saying on some of those songs which probably is just as well on some of them, too.
Yeah.
And I can't say that I like a lot of the modern, the very, very modern, uh, rock and roll,
Yeah.
but I, I definitely, I really enjoy the fifties, the sixties and a lot, some of the seventies rock and roll
Yeah
earlier things.
and, uh, I really enjoy, especially the sixties ...
