Okay,
while I was waiting for you to connect, I, I thought of a couple of menus,
so I decided it had to be in it, informal or not.
You know because that's a lot of fun, especially this time of year where it's so nice out. *sv
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Yes.
Um, if it was formal I'd probably go with something like a chicken breast or lasagna or something.
I'm not I'm not into formal dinner parties,
but I'd probably go with lasagna, a green salad, and garlic bread.
I see.
So what do you use for cookbooks?
Um, I have a PILLSBURY cookbook I got when I was married,
but, it's kind of the bible of cooking for me.
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
Then I have some from like church that are more family recipes that are more useful You know, budget cookbooks,
Uh-huh.
but and, of course, you get a lot from when you're growing up.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Um, I cook a lot the same as, as my mom did,
of course I've added several different recipes,
Right.
but, what you serve or what would you
Well, I, I, I think we come from, from different backgrounds, uh,
so the,
Well, that's good
I, I, I,
so, it you know,
have different perspectives that you are.
I find the JOY OF COOKING to be a remarkably useful book to, to fall back on,
Uh-huh.
because it has almost everything in it.
But on the other hand, it's not very inspiring, uh,
it's a good reference when you need to dig something up.
Uh-huh.
What we've found very useful is a book called THE THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK,
I think that's the title, by Marion Burroughs
Huh.
uh, which has recipes which allegedly can all be prepared in thirty minutes, you know, the whole meal
Yeah
and so she's
that would be wonderful in these times
yeah,
now, now, I, I find that the cutting up of the food, and all that really makes it take a little longer than thirty minutes.
Yeah, Uh-huh.
But they're, but they're, but they're interesting they're interesting menus, um, combinations that you wouldn't have, nobody thought of.
Uh-huh.
Um.
What's one of your favorites?
Um, gee,
the one I had most recently was, was one that, was,
she, she describes as Jim Beard's favorite, um, summer menu, or something,
and it consisted of, of grilled kielbasa sausage uh, a potato salad with olive oil, and uh, some tomatoes that had been chopped up with onions and curry powder and probably some yogurt was in there.
Uh-huh.
Wow,
sounds too good.
Uh, and that, and that was, you know, that's, that, that's certain you can do in thirty minutes.
Yeah.
But there are a whole lot of, you know,
I mean, I, I would recommend you look at that book if you're a busy person.
Yeah,
that THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK.
THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK.
That sounds fun.
I find a lot of the cookbooks that, I don't know, that you buy over the counter ask for really strange ingredients, or things I don't keep on hand all the time
Uh-huh.
and I have young children,
and our budget's set, you know, at this time,
but I want to use simple recipes that I have things on hand,
Uh-huh.
I don't have to run to the store to buy or look for something I haven't heard of
Yes,
yes.
That's why sometimes I shy away from, uh, more of a traditional cookbook
Uh-huh.
but, well, it was interesting talking to you.
It's a fun subject.
Food is one of my favorite things too.
Yes.
Anything else you wanted to add?
Well, you had said dinner, you know, you know,
what would I put together for a formal dinner.
We, we had some friends over as recently as Saturday night
Oh, wow.
and, and, um, put, here, here
the inspiration was a combination of Julia Child for the dessert, you know, a chocolate mousse recipe and a sort of cookbook which has a recipe for a thing called chicken marabella um, which is this wonderful thing you can do, um,
Uh-huh,
that's good.
Uh-huh.
basically you're baking, baking chicken in a, in an open pan, um, having marinated it first
and, my wife did this part so I don't remember all the details
Uh-huh.
marinated in olive oil and some seasoning, um, and cooked with some olives and some, and some prunes, uh,
there's a little bit of brown sugar in there,
and it bakes up
and it's a delicious thing,
and it's easy
That sounds good.
comparatively. Um. I'm sorry,
That sounds really good.
I just love
It sounds like you guys are a little more gourmet than I am,
I'm pretty simple right now,
but.
Well, maybe a little more leisure time to do it.
Yes
I don't know,
that's probably, that's true,
I have little ones
and we, and they won't eat, you know, too many different foods right now.
Yeah.
I found my kids were very frustrating when they were little in terms of their tastes.
Yes.
Yeah.
Well, there again, sometimes it was easy,
they'd, you know,
canned ravioli was, one of their favorites, and so it was easy to open a can of ravioli.
Yeah.
Spaghetti's a pretty staple every other week or so
Yes.
and it goes a long ways too. All righty.
Well, nice talking to you Cheryl.
Okay.
Talk to you later maybe.
Bye.
