Real excited when I heard this.
So far I've been trying to call all day because I keep getting these subjects like capital punishment
so football, I love this.
Oh, yes.
This is great.
Well, we're from Colorado
so we're Bronco fans
And, um, we just moved here two years ago
and they went to the Superbowl when we first moved here
and they lost again.
That was pretty pitiful,
but they seem to be doing pretty good this year.
Well, I was from Illinois originally,
and I grew up a Bear fan.
And, uh, then we moved here
even when we knew we were being transferred here we became Cowboy fans.
Oh.
And we had some wonderful, wonderful years there under Roger Staubach .
And we kind of got spoiled.
Yeah.
We expected it to continue forever.
I think they're doing pretty well this year though.
Well, they haven't, they haven't, have they just lost one game this year?
I think two.
Two.
I know they lost, yeah, to Washington and Philadelphia.
Yeah.
But they're not doing bad.
People are pretty surprised that they, I mean they beat the Giants.
Yeah,
and wasn't that fun.
I went to the balloon festival in Plano and carried my little portable radio with me,
and I must say I attracted a lot of attention.
I bet
People running up saying, oh, what's the score, what's the score?
Oh, boy, I bet all the men that got direct down there were just right on it
That's right
and that's exactly what they said, to sound like a my wife dragged me away from the television.
Yep.
You know, but I wasn't,
I had forgotten
or I probably wouldn't have been there.
Yeah.
Yeah,
well, I am, I'm a big football fan.
I never
my father was a football fan my whole life
and he used to have the football pool at the office and all this stuff
and I just hated it.
And I think I was just mad because he spent so much time watching football on Sundays.
Yeah.
And, uh, so when I met my husband, he was watching football
and I figured out that I couldn't see him all weekend.
I couldn't see him until like Tuesday because MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL, if I didn't, like football.
So,
That's exactly where both of the wives came from I think.
Yep.
It was, uh, you know,
it's easier to join them than fight them.
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
And if you want to see them, you might just as well enjoy football.
Yeah.
And I used to tease my husband sometimes and say, my gosh did you bet the house or something this week to get so excited about, these games.
Uh-huh.
Well, I do.
I just, I love it.
It's such, I just think it's such a fun sport.
And, uh, I'm just hoping that the Broncos can get back on their feet.
We're not convinced that we're going to be Cowboy fans yet.
But, uh,
Well, it takes a little brainwashing first.
Well, I guess we'll first have to get to used to the idea that we're staying here
Yeah.
That's even harder.
But,
Are you, uh, transit usually?
I mean do you stay not in one place too long?
No,
we're just,
this is only the second place we've lived.
We've only been married for five and a half years.
And, uh, we have two small children,
and he had a, uh, just got transferred here to E-Systems,
so.
Well, it will take you a little while
but you'll probably always have a soft spot in your heart though for for Denver.
Oh.
Well, I tell you this,
the weather here and there's no mountains or anything, you know,
and when you go to a football game in Colorado that's, you know, there's snow
and it's an adventure
And here, yeah you've just got to drive down to the, to the stadium
Oh, I know.
and, uh,
Well, if they close it in, see, we'll have the best of both worlds then as they're talking about doing.
Yes.
But, uh, Dan Reeves is a pretty neat guy anyway.
Well, he's from here.
Yeah,
that's right, you know
he was one of ours, one of our boys.
That's what I hear.
So we are never, we never cheer against Denver unless they're playing the Cowboys.
Which is rare.
Yeah.
Which is good.
Yeah.
But, uh, I,
you know, it's funny
in, in Colorado when the Broncos went to the Superbowl three times in the last, I don't know, five or six years whatever it's been. Um, they have these songs on the radio.
They take popular songs and, and change them to fit, uh, the Broncos and stuff.
Uh-huh.
And they had,
I was just thinking about one the other day.
Uh, if I saw a picture of John Elway in the, in the cafeteria at school, um,
but they did the Johnny Angel.
They did Johnny Elway to that.
Johnny Elway.
And, and I was trying to get my son to sing that.
My husband was just having a fit to sound like her don't have him sing that song
But, they, they do a lot of fun things.
I think football is, football is kind of a, a sport that I think you kind of, it's hard not to like it.
Because you know there's just,
Well, there is so much about it to like.
It's exciting.
You know it's so exciting.
Yeah.
And when the Cowboys won the Superbowl here, of course, they put together some real cute songs,
and we all ran out and bought the records,
and now we feel like they're kind of a collector's item.
Yeah.
Yeah,
they
I, I wish I would have bought the tape when I was in, uh, in Colorado.
Because, uh, I, I think about that a lot.
But, you know, when I first moved here was when they, well, no, I guess it was about a year ago they did this.
This interstate seventy-five song. Or whatever it was about Central Expressway and getting it done in nineteen ninety-five and everything.
Uh-huh.
That was kind of a funny song
but they sure do,
it seems to me like they really love their Cowboys here.
Even when they were losing pitifully, you know, people still support them.
We drive by some houses everyday that have big signs,
we love the
