Okay,
I don't,
do you have an opinion on that, on the U S R?
Well, the,
I think I'm, I'm skeptical about the whole thing. Uh, and a, still a little bit worried about them because of the the history of Russia.
Uh-huh.
And they're in a, in a state of flux right now changing, uh, uh, changing a great deal primarily because of the economic distress.
Sure.
Uh-huh.
Sure.
And even in that situation, uh, the, it seems like to me from what I've read in, in the history of Russia and, and you know different authors, uh, there has always been a paranoia
They've always suspected everybody
and and that's why they put, you know, that's why they put a lot of people in prison for years and years,
Sure.
and that's why they put a lot of people to death.
Sure,
that happens.
Yes,
but Stalin was a, was a classical example I guess of that paranoia because he he probably killed more Russians than, uh, you know, the Russian army killed anybody else.
Uh-huh.
Sure.
I guess in particular my viewpoint is that they financially cannot go into a war.
Uh, they are desperate at this point in time to keep their country together,
but I could not foresee them severing what they have with the U S. Um, because they need us at this current time because of their financial situation.
Um, from what I've been hearing is the U S, uh, S R has been, uh, almost bankrupt for years
Yeah.
and it's people are desperate,
and there might be a revolution within the people.
But I don't think the U S would get involved with it because, uh, there's too close of ties to where I think they understand that Gorbachev is trying to make a change, and that we cannot run them like we run the U S and that they have to make their own independent decision.
Sure.
So, I guess I really have no fear at all of the U S S R verses, uh,
you get these small little, uh, places like Iraq and all of that, that might be something that I'd be more concerned about with nuclear weapons verses, uh, a small, uh, or as big country of U S S R.
I, I, I have no feelings that they would ever start a war with us because to them it would totally you know, it would totally destroy their whole country because our technology is far advanced from what theirs is at this current time.
Yeah.
So, I mean sure
they have weapons to kill us over and over and over,
but to them that would be a suicide
and they,
and the Russian people are not suicidal type of people.
But if you get the Iraqis and Iran which will do it for the country for the pleasure of, you know, doing whatever, uh, for their country, they'll do it. Uh,
Yeah,
you're a, I think you're right.
There's a little more craziness down there
Uh, the Russian people I think are not that much different from us.
Sure.
You know I think they're, that it would be the leadership that I, I, uh, mistrust.
sure.
I have a daughter that's frustrated.
She's on a, a stool that she can get up on
Yeah.
but
if she can't get down on it it's like, get me down right now
But anyway it was really good talking to you,
and you have a good weekend.
You too.
Thank you.
Uh-huh.
Thank you.
Bye now.
Bye-bye.
