Okay.
I've got a, you know,
I have a real good method of starting to get the budget balancing
and then that's get half of the government, rid of the half of the government payroll.
I think that would probably, uh, be very possible,
and, and we really wouldn't feel it in our services
Not all,
I, you know, I don't know if you've ever been to Washington D C.
Yes,
I have.
Uh, you, you've seen that which was on there and the offices
and in light of these, uh, hearings we've all been sitting through the last two weeks, we have very definitely decided that every department there is just overstaffed.
Right.
They really don't have enough to keep them busy to keep their noses at, in their own business of what they're doing.
Right.
And the other thing is, uh, besides that I think, uh, two things that very definitely need looking at, one is foreign aid.
I have a real problem with all the foreign aid that is going to the countries that really have no use for us.
Right.
I find that a total waste and part of the defense budget.
Uh, again being just a voter and a taxpayer, you know, working through our congressman, I don't think there's too much that I'm going to be able to do about it,
but I believe in taking an active part in politics,
so.
Yeah.
Well, I,
one, one thing that really bothers me beyond, beyond cutting what they spend is that just really aggravates me when the big businesses do not end up paying taxes
and the, um, regular normal taxpayers are, you know paying such a large proportion of, of our personal income
Uh-huh.
and then the, uh, corporate, you know, industries just don't seem to not pay proportionally.
Right.
I think that that would, would help a lot.
I guess in a way it would trickle down to us in the prices of things,
but I don't know. It's just hard to, hard to take and, you know, see so much of our paycheck go out and then realize that they have all the loopholes that they can use.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, seems like some rather large chunks of money could come from, from that direction.
But,
Yeah,
they don't, they don't seem to, well,
I really think the biggest problem
and then the Taft-Rudman Act is supposed to help that.
The biggest part is they have no accountability for what they're doing.
Yeah.
I mean this nonsense that's coming through now about, uh, uh, lowering payments on Social Security and a few other things that Bush has in mind in order to boost the economy because people have more money as it's, gets, it's ridiculous.
Yeah.
If they don't have that money now, bringing in less is not going to help the problem as far as the government.
Not, not going to help.
It's never helped my, my personal situation
I I can't say it would help with theirs either
No.
Yeah,
and thank God we don't operate our budget, the way they operate theirs or we'd all be in, in dire trouble.
Amen .
But that's, uh,
yeah,
I don't know what we're going to be able to do about it
but I guess it's sitting around so long that it's sort of like our mortgages.
I don't ever expect to pay mine off before I die
so I guess why should the government
Isn't,
that's the way they're thinking these days anyway.
It seems, seems to be.
I, you know, I,
it really does bother me when I think about, you know, leaving our children with, with this sort of, uh, a national problem that we can't seem to find an, an answer to it, uh,
I don't know.
I, I don't think it ever will really.
I,
maybe if they ever get to the point the biggest, you know, the biggest outlaid expense has always been either wars or defense.
Right.
Really.
If they were to take half of what they spend on that and put it on some economic, you know, intergovernmental or inter United States like programs that one really might.
Yeah.
I, I believe in paying my share,
and I don't mind, uh, paying for some of these fringe benefits that people are entitled to.
But I just, I just sometimes feel like I'm being used.
But, uh, again I don't think we'll be able to do anything about it,
so.
Well, that's, that's quite possible.
I guess we have to, have to keep plugging away a little bit
or it will just totally get even more out of control
but I, I don't know.
Yeah.
Bite the bullet.
It sounds like you have a baby there.
Yeah.
I, I do.
Uh-huh.
She's a,
we're not feeling too well over here
so that,
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Oh, that's a shame.
She's not the one going to Washington, huh?
No,
no.
She's,
Oh
I don't think I could part with her.
Okay.
Okay, Geri.
We've probably been on long enough.
Okay.
They didn't cut us off,
but I think that will probably do it
so it was nice talking to you.
Okay,
well, thanks.
Okey-doke.
Bye-bye
Bye-bye.
