Well, let's see.
So what,  So what  gets you?
As far as I'm  ,
Well, the thing I think that annoys me the most is, I have, I have young children, a baby in the house
and, and inevitably as soon as they're asleep, someone calls on the phone trying to sell me something.
Uh-huh.
And I think that, that is probably the most aggravating
Uh-huh.
Uh, you know, it invades my time.
I'm the one that pays for the phone.
Uh, if I want to buy something, I'll take the initiative and, and go find it, you know.
And that just really does aggravate me.
Uh, what do you think?
Well, I mean I,
that's exactly the kind of thing I would have said.
Although in my case it's my wife and I both work,
we come home
and just as we're preparing dinner or eating dinner the phone rings
and it's one solicitation call after another
and, you know.
Your time is, is  valuable,
Yeah,
it's, it's  like you say, very annoying
and,
and, uh, why, why do we let this happen.
Oh, I,
that's, that's interesting.
I
the, the market seems to just be growing, too.
I, I guess enough people are not speaking out.
I'm not speaking out, that's for sure.
I just get aggravated about it.
And,
Would, would you,
I mean if you could legislate something, what would you legislate?
I really don't know.
I'm, I'm not into uh, heavy government legislating of a lot of different areas,
but I I don't know.
I just, I do particularly find it annoying.
Uh, I'm really not sure. to be,
Yeah.
It, it seems, it seems to me that we should have the ability to designate with the phone company that we don't want to receive calls like that. *sv
Well, that,  yeah, that might,
And the people  making these calls would be obliged to compare the, their lists that they're going to call against this list of people who don't want to be called.
Identify themselves, yeah.
Right.
Well, that would be a good an interesting way,
Uh,
yeah.
And, that, that way, those who want it can have it
and those who don't want it, don't have to have it.
Right.
Sort of like an unlisted number where you haven't gone to the trouble of enlisting yourself.
Right,
you're,
Except even  unlisted numbers aren't safe now because they have these things just sort of dial through all the numbers. Uh, automatically
Oh, is that right?
Oh, that's interesting.
and,
And they just get everybody.
Right.
Oh, boy.
Well, I, I do wish that it would stop on my end because it, it seems to happen at the worst possible moments.
Yeah.
And I, I guess the next one is, is door-to-door solicitors.
Uh-huh.
I don't mind the children when they're selling things for school.
I have kids
and, you know, that's just kind of part of it
Yeah
but when it's adults selling a variety of things and especially when men arrive at about ten o'clock in the morning uh, that really, it makes you not feel particularly safe
Uh-huh.
Yes.
and, it's annoying as well.
And these, and these people may in fact be just looking to find an unoccupied house to rob.
Right,
you just, you really don't know,
so I, I find myself being a a bit abrupt and a little bit ruder than than I might normally be
Uh-huh.
but, I do feel like it's a, an invasion of my space.
Yeah.
And, uh,
I've never quite understood the purpose of that.
Yeah,
I, uh,
Well, I think these people were hired by, from, from different sources.
Just
Uh, with,  you know,
and so, therefore, there's no one answer.
But, but, yeah
sometimes it's a market basically it's a market survey
Just a survey.
but they never say who, who they're really working for or what you know, what what, what questions are, you know,
Yeah.
There have been a couple of times when the, the, uh, whatever the subject was, I guess caught my interest and I went along with it
and then there have been several times when I just said, well, I just really don't have the time, you know to deal with it at that moment.
Yeah
Yeah.
But, uh, I don't get too many of those.
Yeah
I've had just a few.
Yeah
Uh, generally someone's trying to sell me something
or,
Right,
well, and sometimes that's, this is just the lead in to a sales pitch too.
Right,
right.
Other times it's, you know, wasting your time to collect the data they want for their marketing purpose.
Right.
For which, if they would just pay me enough money I would be willing to consider.
Yeah.
That's right.
But, but a dollar isn't it,
you know, it's,
Oh.
Uh, and I also sort of worry that, you know, that sometimes people giveaway personal information.
Uh, when, when the call comes and, and they, uh, you know, sort of seductive, to, you know,
somebody is asking me my opinion on all of these things,
and so I start answering
and then you, you know, you go down a path
Right.
uh, and you don't know where it's going to end. In fact, you don't even know what you've eventually, you know, the totality of what you've revealed *sv This isn't, you know, most likely not to, going to be used against you,
Yeah.
Well, we,
That's true.
but it could
and, And that seems to be something that should, should really be outlawed. Because it's subject to abuse
Yeah,
you just never know, I guess.
That,
yeah,
I, I,
and it,
Asking for information is, is,
I can't really see that,
I think they ought to, if, if nothing else, they ought to spend money for a postage stamp
and, you know, when it arrives at your house, oh, I,
