Are, are we paying too much in taxes,
and are we getting what we pay for?
What's your opinion?
Well, it's kind of a broad subject, uh,
I, I think there are some areas where we, where we, uh, pretty well, you know, get our money's worth,
but I, I also think there are a lot of areas especially in, uh, big government, federal government, uh, where we're short changed. Uh, lot of money spent for, uh, things that are not used
and, uh, I was, I was in the Air Force
and I was at, there were, there was equipment at every base I was ever on that was just going to waste.
It was just sitting and rusting
and, you know, and
Okay.
I, I tend to agree with you.
When it comes to government spending, there are so many studies done that don't mean anything
Yeah.
but we'll spend hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of dollars on.
Yeah.
And it's nice to know something doesn't work or something doesn't exist,
but, it could be put to more practical use.
Yeah,
and I, I think that, uh, it's a, a tone of our times that politicians, uh, are into themselves more than they are into, you know, doing something worthwhile for the people they represent, which is really unfortunate.
That is true.
I agree with you in that area.
Uh, I have a tendency to,
I'm in, from Texas
and I read, you know, how our politicians voted each week in the paper.
Yeah.
And it's, you know, it's interesting how the votes vary
and what they ran on in platform don't necessarily come true in their voting in the senate or Congress, whatever.
Uh-huh.
And don't really respond to, uh, people who write them and call them
and, uh, you know, unless they're in the limelight and under pressure
So,
yeah,
I think we get short changed on that.
Right,
that's very true.
What, what state do you live in?
Texas.
Okay.
That's,
What do you think about Robin Hood?
Well I work for school district
and, uh, it's, it has hurt us a lot.
Uh, there has to be some way, I think, to equalize education opportunities.
But, uh, you know, our, we, we tend to think, I think, especially big government, tends to think that the solution to everything is to throw money at it.
And I don't, you know,
that's just not true.
I don't think the, you know, I don't think money is going to take the place of intelligence or, uh, problem solving skills.
Uh, I think there are, there are too many things that money can't uh, that, that money can't buy that, that are important as far as education is concerned.
That's true.
What school district do you work for?
Richardson.
Okay.
I work for Plano.
Oh.
Great,
So, we're comparable.
Yeah.
As a matter of fact, I just paid my Richardson taxes because I live in Richardson and supplemented the Robin Hoods very thoroughly, I think.
Yeah,
I think we've, uh, Yeah, we have got it on the line don't we.
Our taxes went up tremendously.
Yes.
And it's not going to get any better.
you know, I mean, it's going up and up and up.
Uh, I used to live in the Plano school district,
and, uh, there was a, an organization, a taxpayers organization that, uh, finally communicated the message to the, I think to the people in Plano that, you know, we didn't want our taxes raised.
Yes,
I remember there was about four, five years ago.
Yeah.
Yes.
But, this, you know, this, uh,
I think living in Richardson, we're kind of spoiled because I think we get, we come closer to getting our money's worth as far as the city is concerned, I think than probably any, any city in the country.
Yes,
well, did you read in the Dallas paper where they increased the the administrators' pay by thirty three percent after they laid off all those teachers.
Is that incredible?
That's, that's the biggest mess I've ever heard of.
You know, how can you, how can you justify raising anybody's salary if you, you know, if you have to lay people off?
Right.
But, you know, I'm not going to complain because Plano got, we all got a pay raise this year.
Yeah.
You all got a pay raise this year.
Yeah.
Is that correct?
Well, yeah, I think the teachers uh, did,
and I don't know about administrators.
I, I'm semiretired
and I was, I was an administrator,
so I, you know, I don't get a raise anymore.
I just, I, I work part-time and just get, uh, you know,
Okay
my pay doesn't change.
Are you on the early retirement?
Yes.
Oh, are you enjoying it?
Yes,
very much.
Uh, course, I, I still work two part-time jobs
So, it's not really total retirement.
Well, it's interesting, you know, because when you look at what Richardson has done with the early retirement you,
