Yeah,
they just raised our taxes up here about a year ago.
Well, they've, uh, statewide raises,
they raise ours it seems like constantly.
We just, uh, passed a new one, uh,
fortunately or unfortunately it doesn't go into effect because we did not get the United Airlines.
Oh, right
Indianapolis got that, didn't they?
Right.
And, uh, we had passed a, a provisional one that if, if it did, if they did locate here we would raise our taxes.
But, uh, at least we thought we'd get something back from that.
Yeah.
Uh, how do you feel about taxes?
Well, it seems like a big politics game
like up here, last year, the governor was up for re-election
so he said the budget was fine,
the state didn't have any money
and then right after he won the election he said we owed a lot of money
so they raised all our taxes.
And now it's election time again
so they're trying to lower them.
Oh.
So they're just talk about lowering them
but they never do,
they just keep raising them.
I've never seen taxes really go down.
Yeah,
me neither.
Well, actually they're going to here because they didn't have a budget for so long
so they raised the tax rate real high for the last three months of this year
and they're going to lower it for next year.
Oh.
I guess they figure they're going to make up for all they didn't get when they should have had a budget.
I hope they put that in writing
Yeah,
yeah,
they say they're going to lower,
but I'll see.
I feel like the middle class people are supporting the nation and, uh, that the rich are not paying their share
and of course the poor can't afford it either,
but, uh, I really feel like
and, and I feel like, you know,
I'm a middle class person income wise anyway
and, uh, I get tired of supporting the whole country.
Yeah,
so do I.
I mean, I'm a, a middle class barely,
but, uh, I don't think the rich are paying less, not enough,
I think they're paying too much.
You think the rich are paying too much?
Yeah,
I mean if you're in the, the three, three percent bracket and they take a third of your check every month, well, that's ridiculous.
Why bother working?
Well, I don't know many rich that don't have enough tax breaks to,
I mean, I'm talking about the really rich.
Well, they should just tax everybody the same amount no matter what you make.
Right.
That would be fair.
Now I'll go along with that. You know,
Yeah
no loopholes or anything.
Everybody pays ten percent or fifteen or whatever.
Right.
Now, I think that would be fair.
Right.
And I, you know,
no, no ifs, ands and buts, you know,
no big elaborate laws that say, uh, you know, call for a lot of enforcement or a lot of review.
It's just, you know, you make this, you pay ten percent.
If you make a hundred dollars, you pay ten percent,
if you make a million dollars, you pay ten percent.
Yeah,
that's the way our state tax is here.
I think it's pretty fair.
Our state taxes are somewhat based on the federal.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, they have not gotten it where the withholding is accurate.
Oh
So, and, and you withhold no matter what you do,
they withhold what they're supposed to and at the end of the year it's not enough.
Oh, great,
so you ought to be saving up some every month to make up for all what they should be taking out.
Right,
so now, you know, when you sign your W-Four form or whatever, W-Two whatever that is, then they always say, do you want a extra amount for state. Which is ridiculous,
Uh-huh.
but it's been that way for the last probably ten years.
Yeah,
I guess you have to check yes
or you come down to the end of the year
and you don't have it to give it to them.
Right,
unless you have a lot of deductions.
Yeah.
But, you know, if you have a lot of federal deduction, it ends up hurting you state wise.
Really?
And you end up owing, you know,
you may get nine hundred dollars back from federal
and you're going to owe fifteen hundred in state.
Ouch
And, uh, it's, it's just ridiculous.
But, I, I don't know.
I've,
they just came up with a twenty-five percent increase on personal property in, in Oklahoma county and that is a chunk.
Yeah,
I'll say
I mean twenty-five percent increase.
is,
