I've, uh,
are you there?
Yes, sir,
I'm right here.
All right
Okay, um,
I'm in an area where, um, we can, uh, enjoy it year round,
so, I've actually been, uh, uh, been out within the past couple of weeks.
I'm mainly a freshwater fisherman.
How about yourself?
Well, actually I've done both kinds
Uh-huh.
uh, I'm originally from the State of Virginia and, uh, lived near, near Virginia Beach where we could, uh, surf cast and, uh catch a lot of things in the ocean there.
Uh-huh.
Did you Did you ever do the James River?
I don't believe I have fished the James River.
There's a possibility, but that was so long ago
Uh-huh.
I moved here to, to State College, uh, in nineteen fifty-five
Uh-huh.
and that has pretty well limited my fishing to fresh water
Uh-huh.
and we have a lot of, uh, beautiful fresh water streams that come through this area.
I'm in an area called Center County, which is in the very center of the State of Pennsylvania,
I've I've been in that area
and the trout fishing is supposed to be legendary.
The trout fishing is really, uh, beautiful.
As I say, the, the streams are, oh, eight, ten, fifteen feet wide and so forth,
and, uh, you, you stand on the edge and you, you cast out and you, you work, uh, from your feet most of the time
Uh-huh,
for brookies.
and then there are, there are a few lakes of course, close
Yeah,
what do you like, brookies or, uh, rainbows
or,
I,
wherever the area,
whatever the fish is the specialist in that area, I, uh, I enjoy fishing for it,
and I try to,
I haven't fished in several years I'll have to admit, but when I do fish, I do contact, uh, some of the local specialists so that I can then find out the, uh, the type of lures that they use and where they fish, and any unique, uh, techniques that would help you.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Do you fly fish, or are those streams too small?
Uh, no,
we, we fly fish.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
I used to do that a little when I lived up in New York,
but right now it's, uh, uh, bass and striped bass is the only thing that I go for down in in, uh, Texas.
Uh-huh.
Oh, that's a pretty big fish.
Uh, yeah,
they're, they've, uh,
the striped bass have accommodated themselves to the big fresh water lakes,
and they're pretty exciting when they're, when they're running.
Uh-huh.
It's a salt water fish in fresh water, uh, environment.
Well, our, our streams here are replanted with fish about every year so that, well, they, they, they, uh, they have a pretty good idea of, of, uh, what the number of fish are in these various locations,
It's all put and take.
and and they have have certain areas that they plant, you know, a hundred here and a hundred there,
Uh-huh.
and this is, of course, X number of weeks or months before fishing season opens
so,
What's the season?
April to October or something like that?
That sounds about right
Uh-huh.
uh-huh,
pretty close.
Uh
You know.
what's a license cost?
Well, as I say, it's been several years,
but the licenses weren't that expensive,
I,
seems to stick in my mind, five to seven dollars is about all, from what I remember it.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
It's about the same as Texas.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
And I have, oh, probably a half a dozen different kinds of, uh, fishing poles and, and fly rods and so forth,
and, and I had been so busy in my work in these last few years that I haven't had time to fish.
But I'm going to be retiring at the end of December,
and I, I hope, uh, the next fishing season, that I can sort of get back in and, uh, enjoy that.
That, that was a really enjoyable, uh, thing for me to do.
Well, I have all sons, so I think I'm probably going to be fishing for a long time
Huh, I just have one son and he, he lives out of the state now, rather, in the eastern corner of it,
so, I don't think he has time to fish either
I caught the disease from my father,
and I'm passing it on to my children.
It's really
Oh, is that right?
They love it,
yeah.
Oh, my goodness.
Right.
Well, I, I, the disease I caught was simply because, uh, I, I was in the Norfolk Portsmouth area,
and people there,
Uh-huh.
there's, there's so much water around that, you, you're either boating or you're fishing
Right.
Right.
and, uh, I fairly enjoyed at that time.
I have a small aluminum boat here that, uh,
Uh-huh.
when I go on one of the large lakes that we have here that I enjoy fishing for, for trout from that,
Uh, uh, I don't, I don't know about the lakes in central Pennsylvania.
Are there many?
Well, as I say, I'm in Center County.
There's, um, there're two different size lakes about, well, five, six miles from State College.
Uh-huh.
Now these aren't huge lakes from your point of view
Uh-huh.
but they are probably fifteen, twenty acres maybe which, which here is a lot of water,
Uh-huh.
