Well, Sid,
have you established what kind of requirements you are looking for, for your next vehicle?
Well, I don't know if I really have a, a lot of, uh, requirements.
Uh, I guess I look at, uh, getting the best deal.
Uh, that's my main objectives normally. Whoever is willing to deal and, and give me a good price.
Okay.
Well, I, I tend to be more methodical I guess.
Uh, I determine first of all what I'm going to use the vehicle for, whether it's going to be primarily as a family mover or as a, a personal mover. Uh, where it's going to be driven, you know, what types of, uh, driving I'm going to be doing on it, primarily highway or, or local mileage more often.
And, uh, hanging in the back of my mind is always the knowledge that I tend to drive cars for about ten years and a hundred fifty to two hundred thousand miles.
Uh-huh.
So I'm, I'm real picky.
if you are going to keep something that long, you know, you better get something that you wanted to begin with and that you are going to like for a long time.
Yeah.
I don't know I've had pretty good luck, you know,
even if, if you take any car and, and you care for it well enough, uh, you are going to get some good life out of it.
Uh, my, my Oldsmobile right now that I have, uh, is getting near eighty thousand
and it's still in pretty good shape.
Uh, there was a flaw in there where a, where a head gasket bolt broke,
and it cost me some bucks to, to fix that
but that was, you know, something that was unforeseen.
But I still think I I'm going to get probably a hundred fifty thousand or more out of it.
Sure.
Well, it sounds like you tend to drive your cars quite a ways also then.
Well, I, I drive like the song says, THE LITTLE OLD LADY but, uh, but not FROM PASADENA
But, uh,
yeah,
I, I baby them as much as I possibly can.
Uh, it's a pretty big expense nowadays.
Uh, and I guess I like to take care of it, uh,
so I don't have to buy one too often.
That's true.
Uh, do you have more than, than one vehicle in your fleet?
Uh, do you have a family fleet
or,
Yeah,
I, I, I got an old, uh, seventy-six, uh, Grand Fury that, uh, doesn't want to die on me
so I, I just keep running the thing. Don't want to sell it or get rid of it until it quits,
but it just doesn't seem to want to.
I'll probably have, uh, three, four hundred thousand before it wants to die.
Well, that may be.
They, Chrysler made some really good old engines back then
like the, the three eighteen was particularly an exceptionally good engine.
Oh. I've got the big three sixty in there, gas guzzler
but it runs good.
Yeah.
At the moment I've got, uh, Cadillac Cimarron which is approaching its tenth year of age and a, uh, reasonably new Plymouth Voyager.
It's only a, a couple of years old.
But that's the second one of, of those that we've had,
and that's the, the family travel vehicle.
You know, not only does it do all the, the, uh, carpooling around during the week,
but it's also the vacation vehicle that we all drive in.
I think that what I'm getting ready to get next is probably a Suburban unless they drastically change the, the vehicle a lot.
Uh, I'm just getting tired of when I do get hung up in traffic, not being able to determine what the problem is and, and come to some resolution of whether it's better to sit in the traffic light and wait or get off at the next exit and that kind of stuff. Just because I can't see, you know,
Yeah.
I'm to, my Cimarron is just so small and so low to the ground that I can't see past any vehicle  that's in  front of me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I'm considering probably some kind of a pickup truck myself for the next vehicle.
Uh, I just have so many hauling projects a lot of times
and, uh, I, I'd like to just start doing some, uh, carpentry, uh, type work around.
I just feel that,
