I was going to say, my, uh, college is Northern State University in Aberdeen, South Dakota,
and our head football coach, Dennis Muir used to be an assistant coach at B Y U.
Oh, really.
So I thought that was kind of an interesting coincidence.
Huh
So you went to what college?
Uh, Northern State University in Aberdeen, South Dakota.
And what did you graduate in?
I
in what major or what year?
Yeah,
major
International business.
Oh, really.
Yeah.
And you?
I'm going to B Y U,
and I'm going into nursing
Okay.
so.
Well, that sounds interesting.
How long of a program is that?
Forever
Seems like, anyways.
It's about five years,
but it's probably going to take me longer, because I didn't decide to major in that until, uh, about a year and a half after I was already in school,
so.
You know, I read a study once,
and it said that, uh, like thirty-four percent of, uh, college students actually graduate in four years from a four year program.
Oh, really.
That sounds.
It took me,  it took me five years.
Yeah
So, you just, you get started
and you change your mind,
or you want to pick up a second major,
if you're management, you, you, thought, I, I'll take that marketing,
it's just only was three more classes you know,
Yeah.
and you, just doesn't happen that you get out in four years.
Uh-huh.
But.
So what is your advice to picking a college.
My advice is is, uh, look for, at the student to faculty ratio, you know,
if you're going to go to a college where student faculty ratio is three and four hundred to one, I don't think you're going to have as meaningful of a college experience as if you're down to the thirty to forty to one.
Uh-huh.
Is that, what was yours more like?
Yeah
Was there a,
it was about twenty-six to one.
Really.
Yeah.
Oh, that's great.
Which is, you know,
it, it's interesting,
but it, it's
what I thought was nice is you could there was always time to talk to professor, you know,
and, and they knew you.
Uh-huh.
You weren't just in their class, you know,
and so you could, you could go talk to them in their office almost at any time,
and, or if you ran into them in the student union or whatever, you know, you could sit down, talk to them about a problem.
They're always willing to help you out.
So, but I, I's, I, I put that against, uh, my high school where we had, uh, a biology class of three hundred and fifty students
and.
Wow, in high school?
Yeah
Oh.
it was a biology lecture class
Wow.
and, you know, it, it just wasn't the same.
You're sitting there,
and you're taking notes
and, you know, you got a computerized test scores, multiple choice, because there's no way they could correct a three hundred fifty point short answer test uh, you know, a three hundred fifty person short answer test.
Uh-huh.
And, it just wasn't the same.
You, you'd run, you'd pass the teacher in high school
and, even in high school you could say high to your teachers, unless you're in that biology class,
and they just, they'd look at you like, do I know you?
or should I know you?
Uh-huh.
Yeah,
there's, it's,
the classes here are pretty big,
so, it's hard to get individual help
It's kind of, you're on your own
Do you get, uh, a lot of tutoring,
or.
No
Very little, I mean,
well, like my,
for example, I have, I'm in a chemistry class right now
Uh-huh.
and there's tons of students in it,
and there's one T A for the whole class.
And he only has certain office hours,
and so there's only certain times you can talk to him,
and.
And you could get there
and his office hours could, I mean he could have like a nine to eleven in the morning office hours and have forty-two people waiting to talk to him,
and you still didn't get to talk to him anyway.
Right,
yeah.
Well, what would be your advice to a parent of a child thinking of attending college?
Oh, man. I think your advice is good.
Um let's see. My advice would be to pick a major before you get into college
That's excellent advice.
because I, I didn't,
and I took tons of classes that I didn't need to,
and, um, I don't know,
I just feel like I'm, it's, it's going to take me a lot longer than,
and not that's always bad,
but it's,
I don't know,
it's frustrating, I guess.
Well, it, it, it does get it.
You know, you get to the point where it's, I'm never going to get done.
Right.
You know, I, I mean, I was taking summer classes
and let me get out of here.
Yep.
But, uh, no,
that's good advice.
Even if you don't have your major decided on, have an idea what you think you might want, you know,
so you don't want management,
but you think you want business,
