Okay,
you ready?
Yeah,
is that it?
That's it.
Okay,
Uh, well, we, I guess we have to talk about magazines
and, uh, what, what,
What, what kind do you subscribe to or do you?
Well, I subscribe to well, I did subscribe to PEOPLE for a long time.
I do, you know,
I enjoy PEOPLE.
And now I'm, uh, I, uh, subscribe to, uh, LADIES HOME JOURNAL.
I, uh, take a computer magazine. And, uh, also, uh, BETTER HOMES AND GARDENS.
Uh-huh.
Okay,
are you interested in, in computers?
And my pet peeve with magazines is all the little cards inside. And the cardboard pages
Yeah.
Uh-huh,
yeah,
well, that, that would be one of my peeves.
My pet peeves with magazines, the woman's magazines especially,
I mean, it's, it's really geared to,
all they have,
you have too many recipes first of all.
I just don't, you know,
that's what I don't like about LADIES HOME JOURNAL magazines.
Too many recipes, too many, uh, can this marriage with saved nonsense.
I, you know, I like to read articles about things that matter.
Well, of course, PEOPLE magazine is not, you know, one of your, uh, your more intellectual magazines,
but it's nice, light reading
You know, if I want something intellectual, I usually read a book.
Well, that's true.
I, uh, I like it when they have short stories.
Like REDBOOK used to always have a good short story in it.
Well, that's true,
yeah,
they did.
And I haven't bought a REDBOOK in a while
so I guess
Yeah.
I, I really very rarely ever pick up a magazine anymore
Well, is REDBOOK still in existence?
I don't know if they're, if they're around anymore.
Yeah
I think it is.
it's an institution,
surely it would have to be.
Yeah.
But,
Well, I'll tell you, the only reason I bought the, uh, I subscribe to the JOURNAL is because of,
which I think it was either,
yeah,
it was Publisher's Clearinghouse
Right
They told me, you know, if I didn't subscribe they were going to take me off their, their winning, you know, their list
So,
Mine, too
This was it, my last chance
Yeah,
my last, right, my last chance to win ten million dollars,
so I figured, hey, look For twelve dollars, you know,
Well, I, I, I went ahead and sent in my subscription because of that uh, to, uh, ENTERTAINMENT.
That's it.
Oh, yeah,
oh, uh-huh.
And I was real disappointed with it.
Yeah.
I, I don't know,
it just,
not enough stories with some substance that you can really get into.
Right.
It's little short articles more than anything else.
Uh-huh.
And that's one thing I don't like about PEOPLE.
Uh, it 's just, you know, doesn't seem to have enough story to it.
Well, I don't know,
I just think, uh, you know, it's,  It's light reading.
If you've only got a short time to read
You know, you don't have,  well, you don't have to concentrate, you know you know.
No,
that's true
It's entertaining, you know,
and, uh, that's,
I just, I enjoy it,
I, you know, I, uh
Well, that ENTERTAINMENT is, is very,
wasn't that similar, or isn't it similar to, to the TV GUIDE?
Uh, no,
not really.
I mean, not the one I take now.
It's a, it's a magazine
and it goes into all the movies, previewing the movies that are going to be released or behind the scenes.
Oh, uh-huh.
Oh, I see.
And, uh, I'm a real movie buff,
so that's why I thought I might be interested in it,
but it just hasn't been what I thought it would be.
Oh, uh-huh.
And, uh, my mother has subscribed to, is the reason I get, uh, the HOME JOURNAL and the, uh, computer book is because mother got a subscription for it and sent it to me.
Oh.
Otherwise, if, if I really want to take the time to read a magazine and I see one on the grocery shelf, I'll pick it up then. Rather than having them delivered and think, oh, I really need to read this
Right,
right.
Well, I'll tell you, since I've been getting the JOURNAL, like maybe, maybe I'll read two, maybe three,
if I read three articles in, in, you know, one of the JOURNALs, I figure, you know, I did really well.
Yeah,
Because there's just nothing in there that interests me.
I don't, you know, I don't, I'm not into, you know, recipes
and
Well, I, I do like recipes and crafts.
See, now, and I'm not into crafts,
so, you know, that, that eliminates, like three quarters of the magazine You know.
That's true.
Well, I just got the new issue,
they have Bette Midler on the cover,
so that should be one article that I'll read anyway
Do you, uh,
