Okay,
uh, so what do you think about the school system?
Well, I think they're, they're having a lot of trouble right now.
I know my son goes to a private school,
but, uh, I think they're, big city public schools by definition are having a, a tough time right now just from, uh, probably from budget cuts and, and everything else going on.
Uh, why did you choose a private school?
Well, I had one that was needed to be able to be moved along at a, at a pace a little faster than he was going to be able to be moved in public school,
so he's, he has been going to private since kindergarten
Public school.
Oh, has he?
So,
Then how does he like it?
Oh, he's loved it.
He is a senior in high school this year
so he's,
So he's been there all the time.
Yeah,
he's done it the whole twelve and, uh, so many years
and it's been, uh, it's been really good for him.
How big of a school is it?
Uh, overall on campus about twelve hundred, but in the upper school, upper four grades, uh, about four hundred and something
so it's maybe a hundred per grade.
A hundred per grade, that's a good size.
Yeah,
it really is.
Kind of gives them the, you know,
I get a little leery of the real small ones that they don't get much interaction with kids
but, uh,
Yeah,
that was, we were kind of looking for one that would be a mixture
and  he's done,   he's done  really well,
So they don't,
That's good.
and just, he was just ahead at an early age
and I didn't feel like, uh, in, what was available, particularly in the first three grades
Uh-huh.
and even in the fourth grade where they started what they called reach was still a pull out one day program.
Huh.
And I just didn't think that was going get it.
I thought he needed to be exposed to a situation where he could push ahead, uh, every day. But yet still be with his peers  age wise.
Right.
Still  enjoy the,
Right.
Uh, one thing I think I've noticed is, uh, my oldest is in kindergarten,
so I'm in a little different  ballgame.
You're just  getting  started.
I'm just, starting her,
but, uh, seems to me that, uh, kids these days, uh, can really get away with murder
and the teachers don't have as much, aren't respected as much
and, uh, they have to be so careful of the things they do and say.
Yeah,
I know.
That's  a big problem.
And, uh,  makes me  a little nervous that, uh, students don't seem to show that respect
and,
We wouldn't have thought of crossing a teacher when we were in school.
No!
Heavens,
no.
Wouldn't have thought of it
and and they'll stand there now with them toe to toe
No,
you wouldn't.
and,
And, uh, the things they can say and do to a teacher and they do from what I understand, uh,
I think that's wrong.
I think we need to get back to the, show some respect
and, course, I guess the teacher used to warrant that
but,
Yeah,
but a lot of times it's not being taught in the home anymore like it used to be, basic respect for  for elders   and  adults and particularly in, in responsible positions have not, uh, I don't think have, had that basic upbringing in a lot of cases
Right.
For other people
and,
and so then you wind up with little brats on your hands.
Well, how do you think that that's happened?
You think our society's just, uh, stopped talking out,
or this, uh generation's just kind of changed a little bit, uh,
I guess, I,
Well, the world changes,
so I mean, obviously, kids are not the same now as they used to be.
Right.
I mean they're exposed to a whole lot more things.
They have a whole lot more, uh, variety of things they they're, that they see and do at an earlier age,
so life is not maybe as simple as it was at one time,
but, but still, I think it goes back to a commitment by the parents to, to teach, uh, basic values and basic, uh, respectful of, uh, of authority.
Right.
And I just don't think that this  doesn't always get emphasized  anymore, uh,
That just isn't coming through  is it.
No.
I mean, I remember, uh, well, it was a big thing when they let girls wear Levi's.
We used to have to wear dresses
Yeah,
had to wear dresses, didn't you?
and then you had to, go to dresses,
they had to be a pantsuit
and it was polyester
and it had to be matching
and,
And when it was skirts, it was like, get down on the floor
and we hold the ruler up here
Yes.
and it's no more than so many inches above the knee
Exactly.
Yes.
Because it was mini skirt time back there at one time.
Yes,
so it's really changed.
It's, uh, really kind of gone the rounds,
so I think that maybe that's effected it to some degree.
They say you kind of act how you're dressed a little bit,
so I,
Yeah,
I think that probably does have, have something to do with it,
and it's also,
Do, uh, does this school your son goes to, do they, uh, require to wear a uniform
or,
No,
they do not do uniforms, although one, where he was between like second and eighth grade did.
Uh-huh.
Yeah,
there are quite a few of your
