Okay,
I guess tonight's subject is, uh, woodworking.
What  kind of woodworking  do you do?
Do you, uh,
Well, kind of, mainly the woodworking I've done lately is, uh, made like, uh, for example a little nativity scene. Uh, not the, uh, the whole figurines and so forth, but mainly the stable, put some shelves in and, and some odd stuff around the house
Uh-huh.
and so I, I enjoy doing a little bit of woodworking
and I do it out of hobby more than, uh, you know, something I have to do.
How about yourself?
Uh, well, I like to think of it as a hobby, but I, I guess also, partly out of necessity. Just repairing things around the house.
Uh, a few years ago, uh, we needed, uh, they needed some book shelves
and I kind of drew up some simple plans to make some book shelves
and, uh, it actually worked pretty well
and over the years I've, I've refined those plans.
I got myself a router
and I'm, I'm very good at making book shelves.
Uh-huh.
It's, it's also a way of relieving stress.
My wife kind of laughs, at me that anytime I get stressed out I just go out in the garage and we've got more book shelves.
Well, I'll have to come and see them
That sounds like a good idea.
I, you know,
and that's, that is right,
it is out of necessity
because lot of the things that, uh, well, we can't be able to afford,
but also I, I sometimes think that, uh, I enjoy doing that
and I like to get out and, and, uh, to work with my hands
and, uh, sounds like you got some real nice tools, too.
Do you think you would be able to do some more if you had more tools and different tools?
Uh, well, yeah,
I mean, little by little, I, I started out with just basic hand tools and kind of added on to things.
Uh-huh.
Uh, gotten a, a good belt sander
and, and, the router, uh, helps a lot because you can make better joints with a router.
Uh-huh.
The latest project that I've been working on and this has been kind of sitting here for a few months is a, a cabinet to, to put a T V in.
Oh, a entertainment type center?
Right.
Oh.
And it, that's works well because you can design it to, to suit whatever equipment you have
so I designed a space just the right size for the T V and then the, the V C R and shelves on the side for my stereo equipment.
Right.
Right,
right.
And, uh, that's worked pretty well.
Uh, with, uh, with the router you can make nice, uh,
I guess dado joints is what it's called.
Right,
or yes,
I,
yeah,
I'm aware of that.
Uh, And it's, uh,
And also with a router, you can, uh, make ornamental facings, too better than a just straight wood edge. And, Uh, And, uh, casings and so forth that are, that are real nice,
That's right.
That's right.
So,
so that's, that's good.
That's good.
But what I need next is a good table saw.
Yeah
And I, I debate whether it's better to get a, uh, just a straight table saw or to get one of these, uh, rotary arm saws.
Oh.
Radial arm saw is, I guess, what they're called.
Uh-huh.
Uh, it seems to me the radial arm saw is, is better,
well, it, it takes up less room.
Yeah.
I mean, you, you set the wood down
and you move the saw.
Yeah.
Whereas if you're ripping wood, you're probably better off with a, a table saw.
Well and with a radial arm saw, if you do have a, a big piece of wood that you need to rip, like you say, or cut, you wouldn't be able to do that.
Uh, but, uh, yeah,
a table saw does take a lot of time, excuse me a lot of space and is a pretty big investment.
Yeah.
And,
Uh, that, that's partly my problem now.
I don't have room for this.
I, uh, I,
where, uh, where we lived before up north, uh basements were, were common
Uh-huh.
and, I used to put all the stuff in my basement,
but not so here in Texas.
Uh-huh.
No,
they don't have basements.
Well, I'm from up north also
and, and, uh, no
there's no basements down here
and it's kind of, uh, hard to get, uh, shop space unless you have a dedicated shop or a dedicated room for that.
Yeah.
Yeah,
lot of the equipment, too, that I've, I've used in the past, uh, I you know, I've used in school
and, uh, I would,
I don't know,
I'd, I'd kind of like to, to look at equipment like a lathe or like you say, a table saw and some of those things that would make, uh, some pretty nice, uh, pieces of, uh, well, wood, for, for different things for tables, for, for, uh, chairs, for, you know, decks and so forth
so, I don't know,
Uh-huh.
I, I just enjoy woodworking
and I think the, the main thing is, like you say, it's a, it's a good out.
It's an opportunity to get out and relieve some of the pressure that you feel day to day
and it's a great stress, stress reliever.
Have you ever used a lathe?
Yes,
I have, in school I have
and I've made, uh, uh, different things, uh, uh, tables for chairs
and I've made, uh, bowls,
and, uh, and, uh,
