Any vacations recently that you would highly  recommend?
Well.  That is like my favorite hobby
Oh, really?
So, yeah,
I would travel everywhere
and I have been all over Europe and a lot of the United States and Hawaii
Oh, wow.
and, So, when I can that is what I do
Wow.
Uh-huh.
Uh, what, what, has been your favorite trip do you think?
Well, I am not sure.
Uh, I guess Hawaii is one of my favorite places.
Really?
Yeah.
Better than Europe?
Well, no that is exciting.
You know, I have been several times
so after the first time it is like anywhere.
Oh.
You know, it loses that newness,
but yeah
I love it.
I love to go over to Europe.
I do
and mostly I travel through Germany and Switzerland
and we have good friends in England
so I have been there quite a bit
Uh-huh.
and I just love it all.
I love to look at the different people and the different cultures and
Sure.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
So how about you?
Yeah.
Well, uh, I have been to Canada several times
but, uh, that is about it for me.
I, I am from Denver
Uh-huh.
and so, uh, growing up, uh, we would spend most of our vacations right there in Colorado.
Uh, my family is, uh, uh, real into camping and four wheeling,
and so, uh, several,
I, I, think, maybe, uh, four summers in a row, uh, we spent, uh, our vacation time in the summer, uh, four wheeling through, uh, portions of, uh, the southern half of Colorado
and, and, uh, every time, uh, my mother had, uh, uh,
I have two other sisters
and my mother had us, uh, do some studying of the, the, area which we going to visit
and then we had to write, uh reports, reports about it during, during our vacation. Which, which, was really fun.
Oh no
It was really fun.
We, we, each got to write little books.
Uh  and, uh, it had sparked an interest that, uh, of mine,
Uh-huh.
uh, my fiancee is a very very good photographer.
That is what she had originally gone to school to do. Was photography
Uh-huh.
and, uh, I, I, am close to receiving my English degree, uh, as, as, well as my, my, graduate degree,
so, so, I, uh, uh, we have thought very seriously of trying to, uh, incorporate travel into and writing a book about, uh, some portion of travel, uh,
so we are hoping soon, uh, not soon, maybe within the next ten years to get to, to take a trip over from, uh, over to Europe and take, uh, a trip from the northern portion of France uh, down to the southern tip of Spain, uh, and follow.
Uh-huh.
It is kind of a backward S shape, uh, trail that the pilgrims use to take, uh, in, in, uh, back in the medieval times, uh, to see the relics, uh, in, uh, southern Spain and in Italy
Uh-huh.
and so we would like to take pictures of the gothic and Romanesque monasteries and, uh, just take that journey all the way down and then right a book about  it.
Right.
That  would be quite a project.
Yeah,
it would be
Yeah.
uh, it, it is our big dream.
Well, it would be a lot fun.
You know, there is good and there is bad
and my experience in Italy was not my favorite for sure.
But, Well, I flew into Milan.
Oh, uh,
really?
Uh-huh.
My daughter is, uh, a twirling champion
Uh-huh.
and she had to perform over there and, in Turin
and so we had to fly into Milan
and we got on the subway after so much trouble because the Italians, even if they speak English, they do not want to let you know
Oh, sure.
and they gave us all the wrong directions
Oh.
and there were just two of us.
At the airport they put us on the wrong bus
Finally, we saw a policeman.
He put us on the subway.
Uh-huh.
We sat there, uh,
we did not know Italian.
We looked at each other.
We said things like spaghetti You know things like that.
Uh-huh.
We finally followed some kids who told us where to get off.
We followed these kids with, uh, gym bags
and we figured that must be the sports arena
Uh-huh.
and we lucked out
and then when we needed to go to the bathroom there was nothing but a whole in the ground.
I mean it was so, It was kind of a nightmare.
Wow.
But, that was our experience
and I guess all of Italy is not like that.
Right.
But where we were, it certainly was
and the hotel that we stayed in,
we stayed with our English friends, their team in the hotel
and it was beautiful.
It was very modern.
Uh-huh.
But it was very far away on a bus.
Oh.
So, you know, it was, it was really, uh, it was interesting.
You always learn something.
Yeah,
yeah.
And you always have a fun experience
so it is great. You know.
You said that you have been to England several times?
Uh-huh.
I wonder, have you ever been to a, uh, a small town, uh,
well it is actually about thirty minutes from Salisbury.
It is called, uh, Bemerton?
No,
I have not. Huh-uh.
Okay.
Our friends live like an hour outside of England, like Ash, around there.
Oh, okay.
Alright,
yeah.
So, uh-huh.
Uh, uh, the reason I am curious, I, uh,
the other place I would like to visit, uh,
