Okay,
you ready to discuss the, the topic?
What's the topic?
Okay,
the topic is social changes and discuss social changes in America and how they relate, or how they differ today than they were ten, fifteen or thirty years ago.
Okay.
You ready for that?
You bet.
Okay
I'll let you lead out.
Pardon me?
I'll let you lead out.
Okay,
well, there's, uh,
it's kind of an interesting topic
and one that I think is quite fascinating because, uh, couple of years ago, I guess, uh,
not very, not very long ago, seemed like the whole world, not just the United States, but the whole world was kind of in a standstill where everyone was basically in, uh, you know, a very comfortable position, so to say, even though the, the cold war was, was in full swing. You know,
you had the, the Russians against the Americans, the Communists against the Free World,
and in the last couple of years things have changed dramatically, not only on the political front but also on the economic front, where, uh, couple of years ago we had, uh, America was one of the leading powers and one of the strongest nations in the world as far as economics were concerned,
and now we're having a very tough time in a recessionary period.
We're also have a very humongous trade deficit,
and, uh, and that's kind of frightening.
Also, you know, a couple of years ago, ten, fifteen, ten, fifteen years ago, an individual going into a career could expect to have that career basically throughout their whole life,
and thirty years ago, that was, that was basically it, whereas now we're expected to have a career change every, you know, every couple of years and possibly four to five career changes throughout our lifetime,
and so I think, uh, you know, things,
there's been an awful lot of social change lately,
and
and, uh.
I think one of the things that's interesting to me is if you look particularly at the political changes is that the, they seem to be social, they seem to be economically driven also.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
So if you look at Russia and what's happened over there, I think the change in Communism was as a result of the economic problems that they were experiencing.
And, of course, I look at the economic problems in the United States right now.
One of the things you wonder is what that's going to do to us.
True.
I think the other kind of changes like job changes and those kinds of things, I mean, I think it's great to even have three or four different careers in your life.
Uh-huh.
I think it must have been terribly boring to  go through,  your life doing just one thing for fifty years or forty years.
Yes,
yes.
Some of that opportunity for job change in the fact that, that aspects changing.
True,
true.
And the uncertainty of whether you're going to have a job is not as good,
but, the fact that you really can make major changes in your life and jobs.
Uh-huh.
Well, do, do you think that's good or bad?
I think it's great.
You think that's great.
Oh, yeah.
That's some,
yeah,
because a lot of people seem to stagnate once they get into position,
they, they're very comfortable,
they lose the ability to learn,
and they in a sense become unteachable.
They think they know all there is to know in the area, set path, and you know, come in and put my time in from nine to five,
and when that's over with, that's, that's it, without even giving a second thought to , advancing their education or getting extracurricular, um, education,
and, and I think that's an excellent opportunity for us to expand ourselves also.
I think one of the problems with, with education as it relates to this, though, is that I don't know that education is prepared to help people make those changes.
It just seems a lot of the training and education that goes on is gearing people towards a profession and not giving them the skills and whatever those skills are necessary to make those job changes, which I think is going to be a hard thing for, for people to face.
Uh-huh.
Right.
I agree with that,
I agree with that.
But I believe that, uh, an individual should really learn how to, to learn
Yeah.
learn how to adapt,
learn how to grow in the, in their college or whatever education they might take.
Well, that, that's good,
that's good.
There probably needs to be some training on how to, to, to adjust to these changes as they  come about.
I mean if you look at the, the high unemployment rate right now
and you look at people who are in those situations, I don't know that they have good coping skills or a lot of them, even ideas of how to make those changes  now.
Uh-huh.
So it seems to me that while those changes are taking place, maybe we're not well preparing people to make the changes with them.
Yeah,
I, I read a few articles off in the newspaper and some publications where stress, uh, for those people that are laid off and also for those people that are not laid off but were threatened with a layoff and threatened with a reduction in their company is extremely high right now.
Uh-huh.
That stress is a very prominent factor in the work place
and it affects,
