Uh, did you watch the Bulls this morning?
You know what,
I watched a little bit of, uh, of the Bulls game
and I, uh, had to leave.
Uh, in fact I, I think the Bulls were ahead when I, uh, when I left.
Who won the game?
They won in a squeaker.
They won by they won by two points.
Is that right?
Uh, they were behind as they headed into each quarter
and then they came back in the second half
and at the end, I think they were, uh, looked, they looked like they were closing it out
and then Detroit kept coming back
and uh, Isaiah missed a three point attempt, at the end
Uh-huh.
and, uh, I think the Bulls won by two.
I think they do, as a matter of fact.
Yeah.
One of the, uh, commentators said that they expected that the Bulls would, uh, if they continued at their current pace, uh, set an N B A record for seventy wins in a season.
Wow.
Yeah,
they looked real good
and,
They, they do,
and they, you know,
I think by, uh, by relieving some of the pressure off of, uh, of, uh, uh,
Michael Jordan really helped them out.
You know, he doesn't have, they don't have to rely on him to score you know, thirty or forty points  at every  at every game
Right.
so,
Yeah,
well, they, they're, they're balancing their attack
Oh, I know,
I'm,
yeah,
I saw the I saw the Warriors, uh, just a little bit of the highlights of the Warriors, uh, Dallas game.
I saw the, the second half of the game last night
and they were impressive.
They look good.
Billy Owens looks like he was,
that was a good move for the Warriors to trade for him.
Yeah,
now, I don't, uh, I haven't kept up with what was going on with, uh, with the,
Well, they traded away, uh, Mitch Richmond,
or is it Tim Hardaway.
One of the two, uh, who, along with, uh, Chris Mullen was, you know,
though three were three of the best in the N B A,
and and, they made a heck of a threesome
Uh-huh.
and they traded either Richmond or Hardaway to Sacramento for Billy Owens
and, uh,
Good move.
Yeah,
oh, yeah,
he's really worked out well.
They've got the Warriors have got a team, uh,
and, uh, I think that will be real interesting to see what they can do.
They're ahead,
and the Lakers are down, I guess in fourth, uh, position in the west
and I don't know,
Yeah.
in the east, I don't know, uh,
is it Boston in, uh, first place?
Uh, I think Boston's in first.
Uh, I, you know, I haven't kept up with any of the other, uh, teams.
I'm so depressed with the Dallas Mavericks, you know.
Boy,
they've had a hard time.
They said  they've lost a lot of  squeakers.
Oh, man!
That,
well, yeah,
but, I mean, just this whole year has been just disastrous for them
and, uh, you know, they're going, I, I think they're going for an all time record of how many you know, losses in a row they can, they they can, uh, pull out.
Yeah.
It's unbelievable.
How do people in Texas deal with Dallas, Houston and San Antonio.
Do you, for example, like San  Antonio  in Dallas?
Uh,
Well, actually, actually, the, the, the Dallas area here, uh, pulls for Dallas.
Uh, San Antonio pulls for San Antonio,
and Houston pulls for, for the Rockets.
So there isn't much crossover, huh,
There really,
I mean, not a whole lot. You know,
I mean, you find them, they're, find them be, to be pretty loyal, uh, in, with the local teams.
Yeah.
Uh, you know, it's kind of, I guess it's kind of like, uh, there in the Bay area, you know, you don't find a whole lot of, uh, of Sacramento fans.
Yeah,
it's true,
because San Antonio isn't that close to you, are they?
Really isn't,
uh-uh.
No.
It's, you know, it's, it's about the same, uh, same distance from here to to San Antonio as it is from there to Sacramento.
Is it?
Yeah,
so it's not something you'd drive,
So it's, yeah, it's not really a local, you know,
Yeah,
I was thinking maybe David Robinson made a bit of a difference with kids and that sort of thing.
Uh, he does a lot of local stuff there in San Antonio
and they, I mean, they have got a great club. You know.
They've done a good job.
I mean, of course, drafting a franchise like him certainly,
Yeah
Yeah
that always makes a big difference.
Yeah,
I mean, that's
So,
I think the way it, uh, I think that's the way it works now in basketball.
You, you know Magic was a franchise for the Lakers and, you know, uh, Bird for the, for the, uh, Celtics
Yeah.
and,
And, you know, uh, you know, I used to think that, that one, one player really doesn't make a club,
but it really does, you know.
Well, it ,
You get somebody like Magic
and you can see the decline in that team.
Well, yeah.
Once he left, you know, it's, it's just not the same, uh, it's not the same team.
There's not the leadership there that they used to rely on him for.
Well, I think you're right
and I think Isaiah Thomas would fit in Detroit
and I think those things do make a difference
and there are marquee players.
And  I think  I think Jordan and the, and the Bulls have to be, uh, considered the likely favorites.
Oh, yeah.
I don't know who would meet them in the west.
Uh, I don't know how good Portland will turn out to be by the end of the year.
They were so
Who won that Portland game?
You know, I wasn't, I, I I watched only a few minutes of it
and I wasn't paying attention.
Uh, and so I don't know, uh,
Uh,
But Phoenix, you know, Phoenix and Portland have both been very good clubs
and,
