Alright Allen.
Uh, the questions is concerning the changes in the roles of American women in the past several generations and you know, in their, the society we live in.
What do you think has occurred there?
Well, I think one of the major changes is the whole attitude towards women in the work place and the role of women in doing jobs outside of the home.
That's probably one of the major changes I see over the last period of time.
Uh-huh.
But are, are they being given the full honor for the work they are doing and for the, uh, oh my gosh, I can't think of the word, but for the, what they have to accept that's they are responsible for.
Uh, responsibilities is what I am trying to say.
Oh, I don't think so.
I think it has come a long ways in terms of giving them equal opportunities
Uh-huh.
but I still think in lots of job markets they are not treated as equals.
In other words, in some respects the other direction, in some job markets they don't really want to be treated as equals.
By the same token, most, in most cases, women have the jobs with the same responsibility of men who have been there before, but at lower salaries.
Yes
I think  that's  generally speaking, pretty true.
Is that right and wrong?
And I think that's what we really ought to look at that, going is, if they are going to do equal work they ought to get equal pay.
Yes.
And that, uh, they ought to have equal opportunities to advance to those positions
Uh-huh.
and I don't think that we have gotten there yet.
Yeah.
Well, what changes do you think are most significant over the past few years?
Any individual thing
Oh, boy.
or is it just a general switch over?
I think it's generally that switch over.
And, and I think that switch over has been more in the work force.
I don't think that women are treated as equals in the home as much as they are in the work force.
I think those women who are out working are probably still expected to carry more responsibility at home that the husband is having them, on the other side of that coin picked up as much responsibility at home.
Uh-huh.
So they have one and three quarters jobs now. Whereas the husbands have one and a quarter.
Yeah.
and this upsets the man because we have always been built to think that we were sort of head of the household.
So do you think that is going to be uh, difficult saying as far as marriages and people enjoying each other in the future years?
Yes.
Yeah.
I think also in terms of parenting.
I think there is going to be some increasing problem because I think women are expecting husbands to do more parenting
and I am not sure they are becoming more skilled at it.
Uh-huh.
So I think it really has put some additional stresses on the family units.
Well, do you have any opinion of potential changes that may occur in the next generation, specifically?
Well, I, I think one of the things that always happens is I think is when the one end you know were moving out to the end where a lot of women will be at work
Uh-huh.
and then I think we are starting to see now some tendency of women at mid thirties
and so the opinion of this career thing isn't all that it is cracked up to be
and I want to go back and do something else.
I think we will probably see the pendulum in terms of the work force swing back a little bit.
Uh-huh.
Also, much of it is driven by economics right now.
Yes.
People have gotten out and gotten use to incomes coming in.
Well, I actually,
a lot of women are being hired now instead of men because they can get brought in at lower salaries because that's what everybody else assumes they are going to get.
Yeah.
And the people.
Well, how do you feel about women in, uh, armed services?
Well, I think they ought to have the right.
I have some problems with my own family thinking about my wife going to or my wife and my daughter going into combat
Yeah.
but I have problems with men doing that
and I guess if they want to they ought to have the right to do it.
Um.
It's nothing I would be greatly enthusiastic about pushing for it.
Yeah.
I somehow can't do that
I, was brought up in the ages where the ladies were kept home, safe, secure, and made happy
and the men went out and took responsibility of earning the money, bringing in whatever they needed and protected the household
and it, it really still bothers me.
I spent plenty of years in the service,
but it still bothers me to see ladies out in combat or actually out in places where there is two or three of them there and five hundred men around.
I mean how are they going to protect themselves  so to speak.
I agree.
It puts them in a very bad situation.
I, I really don't go for that.
I think one of the other things that concern, has concerned me a little bit,
and I think I see some change in attitudes there.
My wife happens to be a wife who has chosen to stay at home
Uh-huh.
and there's, uh, has been a tendency over the past few years to treat her as though she was somebody who didn't have much intelligence because if she did she would be out in the work force, uh, fulfilling herself.
Yep.
and you're going to learn there is a lot of responsibility just keeping the home going
And I hope we reach the point where whatever women chose to do, that's acceptable.
Yeah.
If they chose to go into the work force that's okay.
Yeah.
If they chose not to, that's acceptable.
And if they go into the work force, they should be treated as  nicely  as, as well as a man or any other person.
As equals.
And, uh, not,
