Okay.
Um, what type of magazines do you have?
We take several at home.
I, I take, um, SKIING MAGAZINE,
and I take, uh, DISCOVER magazine, and also, uh, C D AND STEREO REVIEW and NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC, I think and BOYS LIFE
Uh-huh.
Oh, .
Oh, good.
That's a good one, I like to get
Um, so I take it that you like to ski.
Do you, do you, um, receive a lot of information on skiing through the SKI MAGAZINE?
I presume that I do.
Uh-huh.
Uh, I suppose that puts me on some mailing lists and so forth, because I do get things from ski associations and things, uh, at, during the year.
Oh.
Oh, uh, and do you receive discounts and things like that,
do you think
or,
Uh, not so much that, I, uh, more likely to see those at a ski show or something,
but um, made with I just enjoy reading about the resorts and where you can go and, and new equipment that's come out and so forth.
Oh.
Some fashions are always in there too.
Oh.
Uh-huh.
So would this vacation you're taking,
did you receive information from your skiing magazine?
Probably not.
Uh, we already knew we wanted to take one,
and we just started looking around.
I may have referred to a couple of them,
but we went to the ski show and looked at all of the resort information, picked up a lot of brochures and just decided to go to Crested Butte.
Oh.
Oh.
We haven't been there before.
Um, that sounds nice.
Kind of away from the crowd is why we chose that one.
Uh-huh.
It's supposedly low lift lines.
Oh.
But I haven't skied Utah yet,
but I want to.
Oh, well, you need to come out
I'd like to go to Sundance and Park City and some of those.
Uh-huh.
I understand Deer Valley is nice, too.
Deer Valley,
uh-huh.
Yeah,
they are,
it's wonderful snow
Well, how about you,
what, what magazines do you have at home?
Uh, I am currently taking DECORATIVE WOODWORKING, and, uh, COUNTRY LIVING,
and, let's see, we do have NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC,
and then we have some church magazines,
but I really enjoy the DECORATIVE WOODWORKING.
I'm heavy into woodworking and tole painting and things like that,
so the DECORATIVE WOODWORKING has just been a great, great help.
Oh, okay.
Does it have, uh, articles on how to do things as well as equipment that you can buy and so forth?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh,
they do have, uh, mostly they have, uh, the ads on the equipment,
but the whole magazine is just filled with, uh, pictures and projects that you can make yourself,
and then it has all of the patterns and instructions that you would need to make a wood project, and, and then how to paint it with the tole paintings,
and so, it's really a fun one.
I like that.
Well, that's good.
It's good to get use out of one.
Uh-huh
I'm not sure that, um, in the case of NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC,
I mean, I read it,
but then they just sort of gather dust for a long period of time,
Uh-huh.
but then eventually there'll be a school project or something where my son will need to refer back through forty-eight back issues to find you know, France or something or whatever it is he's looking for.
Uh-huh
Yeah.
Yes.
I've, I've noticed that, too,
but they have been nice to have around.
Every once in a while they come in handy
I used to take SMITHSONIAN too,
Oh.
I liked that magazine
Uh-huh.
but it was, I was, just found myself not ever getting around to reading it.
Oh. Uh.
You get so many coming in,
and by the time the next round comes in I'm still not through reading the first round.
Oh, that.
Oh, SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN comes to our house, too, I forgot,
and that's mostly my son's,
Oh.
but but I do read it, too.
Uh-huh.
Oh, well that sounds like.
And he takes GAMES MAGAZINE GAME MAGAZINE, which has puzzles and things that he likes to solve, you know, crosswords and various logic puzzles and things like that
Uh-huh.
Oh.
Uh-huh.
he likes to try that,
so. He does, uh, does get to be a lot of paper though,
after a while if you don't keep them weeded out, they almost take over.
Uh-huh
They do, they can do that.
I found that they've been fun for my little girls,
they're five and four years old,
and  they like to go through
and,
Oh, yeah,
they're just kind of  getting started now.
Uh-huh. They like to cut the pictures out and paste them on,
and so we've found good use for those.
Mine is a senior in high school,
so he's, we're kind of at the end of that trail.
Oh.
You're just sort of beginning to think about first grade.
Oh.
Uh-huh.
Yeah,
it's fun.
Well, I do have a boy in junior high, too,
so
Oh, okay,
so you got a little bit of a gap there between,
so we're kind of running the gamut
Yeah.
