I think that, uh, one, uh, advantage of having, uh, the unanimous verdict is that in a criminal case you want to make sure that you don't, uh, convict someone who, uh, really shouldn't be convicted.
Definitely.
Um, and I think that, you know, a unanimous verdict, uh, helps to ensure that.
I guess maybe one drawback of it is that if you have one juror who is very unreasonable in some way, that, uh, you, uh, would have a problem, uh, you know, that you wouldn't convict someone who maybe should be convicted.
Uh-huh.
Have you ever served on a jury before?
Uh, I have twice.
Oh, okay.
It was a pretty wild experience.
Uh, what sorts of cases were they?
They were just, you know, small time cases where, uh, trailers and banks were involved, you know.
So were they criminal or civil?
They were civil.
They weren't  they weren't any criminal.
Oh, okay.
What, uh, what was the verdict?
Did the, did the jury have trouble reaching a decision?
Uh, the jury, it was, uh, let me see, I think it was ten to one on the jury, because they only had to have eleven people
Yeah.
so it was,
they,
and, uh, the one changed his vote at the end.
So did it become?
So it became unanimous, you know, after they turned it in
Yeah.
and then he changed his mind after they turned it in
Uh.
but it then became unanimous.
Uh. But since it was a civil case it really didn't matter, right?
You just needed a majority?
Right.
What was, what was the other case?
That was also civil?
The, the other case was just traffic,
the,
and, you know, it was seat belt law
Yeah.
and it, it didn't even hardly go through,
Oh, didn't really even count.
so.
Yeah.
I'm, I'm a college student
so I haven't been, you know, a jury eligible age for very long
Yeah.
um, and, uh, I did get one summons actually at one point,
but I declined it which I'm able to do because I'm a student, because it was, uh, a very bad time.
Yeah.
Well, you learn a lot going to the juries like that though.
Yeah, I mean, I, I really, I would like to, uh, to do at some point, um,
but, I, I haven't.
Uh, one, one thing that I, I think is, um, you know, maybe is a problem is, uh, I, I think that the criminal jury system works pretty well now,
but I wonder if maybe in some civil cases it doesn't work as well.
Especially sort of.
I wouldn't think  that it does I mean, from, from my, from what I experienced in them,
How,
it didn't, you know, it didn't turn out the way I planned it, I mean, the way that I would think that it would go.
Uh, you thought it turned out pretty well?
Yeah,
but it was, you know, it was,
jury was unorganized
and it was, it was just wasn't organized enough for me.
Yeah.
I'm not used to it not being organized,
and I just assumed that it would have been.
Oh, so it was just kind of a zoo
and the jurors just sort of,
someone had to figure out what was going on?
That's about what it was.
Um. That's interesting.
Did it, did it work out pretty well in the end?
I mean, did a couple of people sort of gradually, sort of assume, uh, sort of a moderator role in the trial
or,
Yeah,
they, well they picked one person,
and then he finally, you know, moderated everything and made it turn out the way it should have.
So it it did end up working out pretty well?
Yeah,
it ended up working all right.
The one thing I sometimes wonder about, um, in civil cases is, uh, whether, especially sort of in, uh, maybe like product liability, or medical malpractice, where there's, um, sort of a very technical decision to be made sometimes
Yes.
you know, it's not just a matter of, um, of, you know, did this guy rip off this guy,
and it's just a matter of interpreting a contract,
it's sort of a matter of, um, you know, sometimes getting into very technical issues,
and I wonder if, uh, if there's really, um, if the system works adequately in, in educating the jurors about, uh, whatever, um, you know, issue is under discussion.
I, I don't think that they, they, they educate them enough to, to really know what's going on.
In, in the case you were involved in, you said it was just sort of a bank matter of some kind.
So.
Yeah,
the, the bank was suing them for, uh, because they went to get the, the trailer that, which was, uh, seemingly their property.
Yeah.
Uh.
It was on his property.
Oh, so the deal was that he had, uh, borrowed money from the bank to buy it,
and he hadn't made the payments.
Right.
So they came to get it.
Yeah.
And then when they came to get it, well, it was on the landlord's property
and he wouldn't let them take it off.
Uh, so they were suing to get it back.
So, and they are, it was a double wide,
so they'd already taken it apart.
Uh.
So they left it there
Yeah.
and then when they came back to get it a couple of days later it had rained and got all in it.
Uh.
So they were suing him for the money,
and, you know, there's no way they could because it, it was the moving company,
