Okay,
you want to start?
Yeah,
I might as well.
Uh, one of the things I'm very concerned about the air pollution, is the, uh, this, this, the ozone layer, uh, uh, issue.
Uh, I used to own a heating and air conditioning business and handled lots of different types of freons,
and that, uh, rather bothers me that, uh, I was in, in effect, uh, contributing to the delinquency of the, the environment, so to speak.
Uh-huh.
Yeah,
that's stuff we never even thought about three years ago.
Right,
right,
and one of the reasons they fixed up the freons eleven, twelve and thirteen, in, in, in that area was because they were inexpensive,
uh, they could be made, uh, you know, inexpensive and lots of it, uh,
and in that, and its properties were great, uh, with, uh, the machinery, didn't have to have lots of expensive machinery to, uh, get your heating and cooling cycles to work.
Um.
So.
Have they stopped that practice now?
Well, course there's a, a tremendous number of refrigerators and excuse me, refrigerators and freezers, both commercial and residential, uh, utilizing freon twelve,
and of course, the new cars, I guess starting with nineteen ninety-three will not have freon twelve in their systems.
But, uh, there's, you know, the ton of after market machines, and et cetera, et cetera.
Yeah.
And that's got me very, you know, highly concerned that, uh, that's going to be quite a while before we can, uh, undo this.
Now, that could spawn several good industries and help, pull us out of this recession,
but you got to have people that can make, you know, earn a salary to pay for this conversion.
So, so I see us in a kind, somewhat of a catch twenty-two unless we, unless the banks or industry and or the government go together and, and come up with a way to, uh, have us as a part of the unemployed society be able to be gainfully employed again converting all this freon twelve stuff into the new nonpolluting, uh, compound.
Oh, yeah.
Because as I say, there's a, there's a
well, how many, uh, uh, families own a refrigerator,
and then do, you know, that number, and then how many a, a freezer separate from and how many people, especially here in Texas, own cars and trucks with air conditioning.
Uh-huh.
Yeah
yeah.
I mean, this is, there, there are people that, that make it, have a thriving business, uh, that do nothing but heating and air conditioning on, on automobiles and trucks,
and, uh, the only reason I didn't, uh, get into that more, when I was, had my little business, was because, uh, most of your, uh, air conditioning in, in, on vehicles tend to be greasy and dirty to the N-th degree
Uh-huh.
and I mean,
so, uh, that's why I stayed in, stayed more towards, uh, uh,
and that's a polluting type deal too, is the excessive, um, you know, uh, petroleum products in your engine bay and so forth, and the dirt and grit and those two mixed together with, with water and, uh, like knocking on a really make, uh, make a mess.
Um, yeah,
yeah,
I hate to see a car going down the street, or even a truck or bus for that matter, that's putting out a lot of dark smoke,
Uh-huh.
and I know there's a lot of pollutants we can't even see coming out of cars,
Right.
but that, that particular bothers me.
Well, most, most, most of the time when you see bus, uh, you know, the busses with the diesel that's, uh, those are carbon particles, and carbon dioxide and water vapor, uh,
Uh-huh.
because when you, when diesel is burned it's it,
you know diesel fuel is burned in a, in the diesel engine
it's burned so completely, that you don't have any, uh, nitrous oxides, uh, or oxides of nitrogen, uh, to, uh, form because of, by virtue of the very combustion process of the diesel engine, because diesel oil is, uh, is not very volatile. You know, where gasoline, if you leave a little pail of gasoline out before long it's gone.
Oh.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Diesel is going to be around, because it doesn't evaporate easily,
and it's got,
well, you know, its latent heat is high,
but it's slow burning at, at, uh, normal pressures.
That's why your diesel engines have such high compression ratios as the, as the air is heated, you know, by virtue of the compression process to like one to nineteen or nineteen to one ratio
Oh, I see.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
and so if the car sucks in, uh, fifty degrees,
