Okay, Eric.
Uh, are you married
and do you have a family?
Uh, yes I am to, uh, both questions.
Okay
and do you and your wife have a budget plan for your finances.
Uh, yeah
we do.
We, uh, uh,
basically there's the, you know, the expenses that are fixed during the month you know the ones that come every, every month
Uh-huh.
and we, uh, enter those into, uh, into a spread sheet
and, uh, whatever is left, uh, after that we, you know, we sit down and agree on kind of what, what sort of range we are going to generally going to shoot for.
Uh-huh.
I see. Uh
So what do you do?
Well, that's basically what we do.
Uh, about every, every three months or so, we re-evaluate our budget
and we sit down and just write from the largest bills down to the smallest
Uh-huh.
and then we divvy them up between our four pay checks.
I work part time at night
Wow
and he works, and my husband works full times days
and so we have four checks,
but that works out nice because we get paid every week
and  so that does help,
Yeah.
that helps a lot.
And then, uh, we don't have a lot extra for extra spending,
so it's pretty well  ear marked.
Yeah.
All allocated out.
Yeah
Yeah.
Yeah.
Every penny is ear marked
but, uh it, we have found that works the best
and and so if we can just divide them up, all the major bills up.
In fact, we found it easier to divide the major bills up, you know, cut the house payment in half and cut the loan payment in half,
but and divide those up between all,
uh-huh.
All the checks,
yeah.
And so we are not taking a huge sum out, out of one
and then the next pay check we're real short
or,
Right.
Yeah,
we found that, uh, it's definitely helped, uh, get a handle on kind of the unnecessary expenses.
That's true.
We were, before we started doing that kind of a thing, we were, uh, spending, uh, money for things that, you know,
we kind of tended to eat out a bit more than we should have,
Uh-huh.
and it was easy to, uh, let things get out of hand.
We thought it uh, thought it to be really helpful.
We have gotten some of our loans paid off really because of this and stuff like that
Yeah.
so,
Well, it helps you to focus where your money goes
Yeah
and and I am sure you felt the the same frustration before you got on a budget,
but you're wondering my, when you put down all the money that you do bring in
and then you're saying, my word  where did all that money  go.
That's a lot of money,
but
Where does it go?
Yeah.
Uh
But,
and also we have found that if we write down,
and we did this.
We are not real consistent with this,
but we did it for about a month
and we wrote down everything that we bought when, you know, every pay check
Uh-huh.
and so we could see where every penny went
and it was really interesting to see just what you do spend
and like I say we haven't been real consistent with it.
It's,
we should cause it does help.
Yeah,
the other, the other thing that that we've found that helps is, you know, we tend to fudge on the budget a little bit
Uh-huh
it's just to, uh, uh, get up the money in advance and put it in, uh, uh, so long as it wasn't you know, unreasonably high, but for things like food expenses or whatever. Just put it in uh in an envelope or whatever if the entertainment amount was gone for the month say, oh, it's gone
Uh-huh.
just  stick to that,
uh-huh.
That is,
Yeah.
That that sounds like a really good idea.
So.
And it really helpful.
Uh, have you developed a savings plan or I R A s or anything like that yet?
We, we haven't.
We our our initial goal was just to retire debt, uh, completely retire debt for car payments and credit card uh, credit card debt and all of that.
Oh, uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
We are just at a point where, where we could start thinking about it
so
Oh that's good.
That's a good feeling
Yeah.
Well I
My husband just graduated from the university, uh, a year ago
Uh-huh.
so finally finally we are getting to that point too.
A student.
So, are you still going to school
or,
Yeah,
I am actually in the, in the
