Steve, this is,
like I mentioned, Brian and I guess we're going to want to be talking about child care.
Uh, do you have any experience in, uh, finding child care?
Well, ourselves, we have I guess never had to look for child care.
Uh-huh.
Our kids are now fourteen and eighteen.
But, uh, and so, you know, you go back those many years and, uh, we didn't do it very much.
Uh-huh.
We, I guess, we were in a situation where we didn't need to be looking at, uh, two family income at the time
Uh-huh.
And our kids were older.
But I've had to deal with, uh, you know, friends of ours that have used child care and that kind of thing.
Right.
Uh, so it,
my involvement hasn't been direct
but still have been, you know, certainly exposed to criteria people are using.
Uh-huh.
How about yourself?
Well, uh, we're kind of lucky.
I, I'm, uh, I'm working.
My wife isn't working
and she is taking care of the kids also.
And, and so we haven't had to look for child care either which has been very nice.
But I do have, like you mentioned, a lot of friends, a lot of, uh, co-workers and associates that are looking for child care
and some of the things that they're very critical about is the number of kids that are in the child care. Uh, what kind of, you know, uh, guidance counselor to student or, you know, uh, adult to child relationship.
How many
Right.
you know, you don't want to have thirty or forty kids and only one adult.
Then  uh, something happens and the adult wouldn't be able to, uh, accommodate or take care of the kids very well.
Right.
Right
And, uh, they also want to make sure that the kids are being taught and not just playing around all the time.
So, you know, depends also upon the, the level of the child.
We, uh, we, uh, take a very close look at finding a, a preschool, a good preschool for our kid.
Uh-huh.
And I kind of relate that to that in, in making sure that the, the, uh, teachers are very well educated themselves. They have a good curriculum and that they're willing to teach the kids and have a fun time with them.
And it's very important, I feel, uh, that the kids interact with other children also.
It's a, it's a good way to develop relationships with other kids their age and, uh, get to know and work with kids.
Yeah.
So. I don't know. I, I guess we're kind of in the same boat.
We haven't had to look very carefully for child care.
Yeah.
I, I kind of think that, uh, you know, some of our friends or even our own children will be in a situation where they may need to look for child care.
Uh-huh.
But even, you know, here. I guess we have in one sense two forms of, uh, child care.
There's where individuals will in one, primarily babysit children in their own home.
Uh-huh
And that will be groups of anywhere from one or two to, maybe, seven or eight children.
Uh-huh
And then otherwise, there will be
the majority are co-operative day-cares.
Uh, people form a co-op and, uh, parents will work in the co-op and put a fair number of hours.
Frequently, they will hire staff to be at the day-care
and the emphasis is primarily, uh, someplace for the children to be.
Uh-huh.
But, at the same time, there's some fairly good training programs and, and some of them formal two year programs.
Right,
right
Uh, so that,
you know, there is some definite, uh, creative play, good social interaction, that kind of thing.
I think it's, uh, important. Like you mentioned, that's a good idea on the, uh, parent co-op because, uh, I'm very concerned about the welfare of my kids
and I don't want to just take them to somebody I pick out of the yellow pages or out of some ad somewhere.
I want to trust the people
Yeah.
And, uh, you know, you hear in the you hear on the T V and you read the newspaper quite often of, of people that, you know, don't treat or take care of your kids the way you think they ought to be taken care of,
so. And hope to never get into that situation where we have to, have to find somebody and we have to trust someone with the welfare of our children.
And hope that we can stay in this situation for awhile.
So.
Yeah.
You know, we've even had some of those kinds of situations publicized here
Uh-huh.
and I guess, you know, it, are,
it's, uh, typically, uh, whether it's been child care in a home or in a larger situation where actually it's more of an institution.
Uh-huh.
And you've actually got children that most people would consider problem children
and it's not, and it's more of a group home rather  than  actually day-care  type of facility.
Yeah.
That's true,
that's true.
Uh
Well, Steven, it's been,
