Hi.
So, do you think you get good coverage from the sources that you have?
Uh, actually no,
because, because I'm in school.
I, I kind of miss out on most of the current events.
I just catch the major ones off the news or if someone starts to talk about it.
Do you watch a lot of T V to get the news then?
Uh, I don't watch a lot of it,
but that's the
basically that's my only major source of information.
Um.
What about, what about you?
Well, I read, uh,
I get a bunch of different things.
I get a newspaper every day
and I try to at, at least have a few minutes to look through that
and I look through, uh,
I get a NEWSWEEK every week which I, I pretty much read that cover to cover
and I, as far as, you know,
that satisfies most of the short term news I get.
Uh, don't watch much T V,
don't have enough time
and, uh, don't listen to the radio too much especially the news channels or anything like that, you know,
they might give you a little blurbs like this happened or that happened
Yeah.
and that's about all I ever hear of it.
Uh, but most of my news probably comes from NEWSWEEK
and for the longer term I, I read, uh, like SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN and, and, uh, READERS' DIGEST and some of those other types of magazines that come out which, they,
the news isn't, like, immediate what you'd generally think of as news,
but it's recent material.
And it's more in depth.
Yeah,
it is, it is more in depth, less broad.
Well, actually, it's, probably isn't less broad,
but it's just more in depth
and, uh, it is, it is more it is more just significant information, you know.
It is the big events, not the little events.
Yeah.
Not the fact that there was a big auto accident down on the corner of Broad and Main, you know.
I know,
where they're just trying to fill in.
Yes,
or they're making, making time because they to fill in an hour's worth of news.
Yeah.
Uh, I get kind of bored watching T V actually, when I watch the news on T V because it goes so slow
I know,
I do, I do, too.
and, then there's nothing that, you know, really is like oh, so exciting.
Yeah,
you may find one little, uh, news item interesting
so you have to wait twenty minutes to, to hear about it.
Yeah,
that, that's about what it ends up being.
Listen to the news to hear the traffic report or something
Yeah,
actually, you mention NEWSWEEK,
I, I, I do like, uh, U S NEWS AND WORLD REPORT.
I don't get to read it as much as I like,
but that's, I think that's a good magazine.
Yeah,
I think they're about the same.
I, you know, they, they certainly have a very similar, uh, charter at least in my mind.
And, uh, uh, what, what kind of, uh, what kind of news normally interests you,
I mean what do you, what, what do you find interesting versus what do you find boring?
Well right now trying to keep abreast of, uh, what's going on in Europe, you know, with all the, U S S R's satellites breaking off, trying to become independent and, you know, European community coming together.
Uh-huh.
That's going to affect our, uh, economy quite a bit.
I think it will,
uh, they, they keep claiming it's going to have a big influence,
but we've yet to see it
and
it's real short term yet, though,
I mean, it's only been, three months or something like that since that happened
Oh, yeah.
so,
Yeah.
But they like to tell us that it's going to be important
I'm, I'm pretty sure it is, because, uh once, once Europe becomes unified and, uh, their economy becomes one big economy we're going to be, uh, kind of hurting
I think it is, too.
Yeah,
I, I think that's a possibility,
uh, it, we might also be helped, though, because it, it will be easier to do business over there, too.
Yeah,
definitely.
For the companies that already have a presence over there
and, uh, I know of at least one company that specifically went over there and established a presence before nineteen ninety-two so that they would have it when it came time.
Oh, yeah
so they have a toe hold,
I good toe hold.
Yep.
Because once you're in there, then you can easily expand.
But getting in after nineteen ninety-two is more difficult.
Yeah,
because, when they first start off, they're going to be highly protectionist
so,
Yes.
Yeah.
And there's already a lot of evidence that they are being very protectionist,
even amongst themselves, they're being somewhat protectionist, you know.
Yeah.
Like, England doesn't want to do one thing
and, and Sweden doesn't want to do other thing
and they're, they've all got their own reasons which have to be resolved yet.
Uh-huh.
And some of it, I mean, is,
I'm sure within those people's minds, it's quite justified.
Yeah,
I, I can understand their viewpoint,
they're just, they're starting off,
their economy's a little bit weak,
so you want to get established before they
Uh-huh.
Before they open up their borders to everyone.
Yeah,
totally.
Uh, what is the, uh,
do you watch anything like with sports or anything like that?
Actually I'm not really into sports.
My roommates are,
so, unfortunately, I forced to watch quite a bit of sports.
Against your will.
Yeah,
we have to, fight over the remote control.
Yeah,
at least you guys have a remote control.
It's sometimes better to not have one of those.
Course, you can always mislocate it. Or misplace it, I mean, not mislocate it, but misplace it
and,
