Right,
uh, actually I lived over in Europe for a couple of years,
I lived in Germany
and in Germany they don't have the jury system.
What they do is they have, uh, three judges, basically.
And you get up there
and the prosecuting attorney presents his evidence
and your defense attorney presents their evidence
and those three guys take the evidence, go off, figure it out and then come back and say whether you're guilty or not.
our judicial system is in such total chaos.
I think what they need to do is, they need to somehow take the money out of it.
I mean, when you have a man that's signed a, a, a statement saying he's guilty,
we have a, a family called All day family.
They were all murdered.
Uh-huh.
All the people signed confessions,
they went to a trial by jury.
They been trying these people now for twenty-two years, ever since I was a child.
Wow.
And what they've done is they've bought Mercedes after Mercedes after Mercedes is what they've done,
has nothing to do with justice whatsoever.
Well, you know, it's, it's one of those things,
I mean, uh, uh, I would have to look at it.
if they did it with the, uh, just the judges, the police have to do a lot better job of making sure that their evidence is airtight
because the judges sitting in that kind of stuff day after day, they know all the procedures,
they know what's good and what isn't,
they'd be able to say, I'm sorry,
you can't use this as, uh, evidence, you know, because it was either illegally obtained or whatever
and, you know, you wouldn't have this, uh, uh, theatrics where the lawyer jumps up and presents it to the, to the jury
and then the judge says, oh, no,
disregard that.
Come on,
any jury's not going to disregard the evidence, you know
Uh, that's true.
I, I, I think our judicial system is attorney welfare myself.
That may very well be.
I, I hold it in the utmost contempt.
Uh,
The, uh, my favorite is the police department,
they're not aimed at the criminal.
The judicial system is aimed at the citizens
because you and I, we have work schedules,
we can be called at work,
we have Social Security numbers,
they can trace us down,
we have telephones,
then we have checkbooks.
Criminals have none of these things.
They're real difficult to catch,
and if they do catch them, they don't get any monetary gain out of it, whereas us, we write a check.
Yeah.
So where do you think they target their efforts?
That's true.
They target their efforts toward the citizens not the criminals.
Well, How would you go about changing it?
You know, that's a,
I've nailed the problem down
but I,
Leave the details up to somebody else, huh.
Yeah,
I'm going to have to leave those details like, what would you do about,
I think, to begin with, you would you would have,
like, here in Atlanta area, our crime rate is just astronomical,
yet, you go out on the streets
and they're giving speeding tickets.
Yeah.
I think somehow you have to separate the revenues from,
Well, you know, uh, talking about the lawyers, you know what might very well do, uh, cause a, uh, a drop in the number of lawyers and things like that, is to set the fees for cases.
It's kind of like do it, do it in the similar vein similar, like, uh, V C R or television repair.
If you take your T V in, a lot of these T V repair places will say, well, I'll repair your T V for a hundred dollars,
and if he gets in there and starts rooting around and finds something in there that's really tremendously wrong with it, then he eats it.
He, he repairs it, gives it back to you, and takes your hundred dollars.
Now, if he comes in and says, you know, I'll repair your, your V C R, or somebody else's V C R, for a hundred dollars, gets in there,
maybe it's a blown fuse,
takes him two minutes,
he fixes it,
he still charges you that hundred dollars.
So, maybe if we did that with the lawyers, so that, you know, whether it's a murder case or a, you know, a civil, uh, somebody suing somebody else, you get X dollars for that case
and that's it.
Now, I firmly believe in that
None of this,
because when you get the most heinous of crimes, have you ever noticed you always get the most renowned defense attorney?
Oh, yeah.
And here's this bum that didn't have a job
Yeah.
and he's got a attorney that you and I could never afford.
That's true.
Who's paying for that?
Yeah.
Um, well, you, you know, you're talking to part of them that's paying for that
Yeah,
and you're talking to the other half that's paying for it
That's right.
You know that's, it, it's, it's amazing
and, and when you stop and look at it, I mean, the judges, they're all former lawyers.
Yeah,
well, that's another problem.
I think to really correct the judicial system, you have to get the lawyers out of it
I mean, they're, they're totally and morally bankrupt without any ethics whatsoever,
and with that type person running it, I mean, you, you could expect that you,
