So. Have you heard about Saturns?
seems to be out of I've heard some about Saturns.
I don't know a lot about them.
I haven't been over, uh, to a dealer to look at them although I did see something in tonight's paper that said that their, uh reliability is rated to be equal to that of the, I guess, the Japanese cars.
Ooh, that's great.
Actually that's kind of the type of car that I, I'm thinking about we might get.
Saturns, you can't go to a dealer unless you go to a, a Saturn dealer. This, this offshoot of G M
Yeah.
And, uh, supposedly, they've got great customer satisfaction from what things I've heard.
Um. Yeah,
I've heard a lot of people like them.
Uh, yet I don't know whether I would buy Saturn or not at this point.
I'm kind of,
my card and, uh, desires tend to be pretty picky
and so, uh.
Well, like what?
Well, let's see.
I I like cars that are designed with, with human beings in mind,
and that's not just the driver and the passenger
but that's the person who's working on it,
cause I do almost all my own maintenance  and, uh  those types of things.

And I found that while you can find some cars that are comfortable to ride in, uh, finding a car anymore that's, that's fairly easy for me to work on, it's just not very it's not very,
almost unlikely at this point.
Yeah.
And, uh,
Yeah.
I've got a sixty-five Mustang
and  I, and I do the work on, most of the work on that myself.
Ooh.
Uh-huh.
And when I look at modern cars and stuff like that, I just say I will never do that with the modern cars.
It's not worth my time.
You can't get in there.
You can't do anything.
Yeah.
And it's so complicated too.
I look at it
and I say, boy, you know,
I, I'd have to almost go take a class or something like that.
Well I've got an eighty-three Saab.
Uh-huh.
And I find that for a normal, you know, everyday things. It's really very easy to work on
and so, uh, you know, I'm kind of spoiled.
I used to have a Chevy.
Uh-huh.
With a  three fifty in it.
Yeah.
And, uh, I really liked working on it. Uh, cause it was pretty easy too.
It was about a nineteen seventy.
So I'm kind of, uh, biased in that
and, you know, I want a car that I can work on because I think it just costs too much even to get the oil changed anymore.
Yeah
And that's kind of, that's, that's probably one thing I'd look at.
I think another thing I'd look at is safety.
Yeah.
That's one of the things that my wife and I have thought about.
Actually, the car, one of the cars we'd most like to get would be the new ninety-one Ford Taurus cause they're actually one of the cheaper cars that have  dual  side air bags.
Huh.
That's a real nice car, I think.
Yeah
I've driven some, uh, Tauruses over the last couple of years when I've been on business trips. Uh, as rental cars.
Uh-huh
And I've always been very impressed with the Taurus.
It's a really nice car.
I think it's very it's a stylish car both inside and out.
It's comfortable to drive.
Uh, reasonable performance,
and this is out in California where, where they don't make a car that's got reasonable performance anymore.
Yeah.
Uh, I've been real impressed with that.
and I didn't realize that they were putting dual, uh, air bags in that  car now.
Ninety,
yeah.
Or, excuse me, the ninety-twos.
The  ninety-twos had dual air bags.
Uh-huh.
This newest model.
You could  get them with duals
I think  That's excellent.
That's excellent  because,
Yeah.
But the thing is that it's twenty thousand dollars.
Actually, my, my wife and I are actually thinking, contemplating buying a new car in the next year and a half or so.
So we're  actually  been looking around and thinking about things.
Oh.
We'd like to get like a
oh, I don't know.
What do you call it?
A dealer return type thing on a ninety-two and ninety-three or something like that you know.
Uh-huh.
Year old ninety-two or something like that.
Uh-huh.
Sure.
Those are
See if we,
yeah,
that, that would be a good deal to go with.
And the other thing we're looking at is the Saturns  too.
Okay.
Because they looked really nice.
Uh-huh.
What do you, what do you looking for in, in those?
What, what attracts you to the Saturns?
Or, or, of course, we've already talked, you know,
the Taurus is safe.
But what kind of things are you  looking for?
Well, the  Saturns you can get air bags in them.
I don't think you can get dual side air bags.
Uh-huh.
But one of the, the two things that I'm really,
the, the I'd say the most important thing is a car that's not going to fall apart. That doesn't have problems.
Uh-huh.
You set down.
You look at consumer reports.
We've been pouring over consumer reports
and you just get so depressed for the U S auto makers when you do that.
Yeah.
Because you see the reliability and the types of problems they have
and, and the two cars that apparently are close to that. That actually have high reliability, the Taurus is one of the highest U S cars.
Uh-huh.
And the other one is, are the Saturns.
Uh-huh.
So those two things.
And then, you know, we kind of want a four door.
Okay
