Well, Julie, uh, are you in a situation where you'd soon need to deal with, uh, special care for elderly?
Well, I don't know.
My grandfather is ninety-two years old.
Uh-huh.
And he is still living by himself.
My grandmother died a couple of years ago
But he doesn't want to, to move away.
He lives in a little farmhouse on a farm.
Uh-huh.
And he recently had to have an operation
but he just really doesn't want to go to a nursing home.
Is he able to, uh, still do everything himself pretty well?
Well, he was until this operation.
He has arthritis.
Oh, yeah.
And now I don't really think he's doing that well.
And my, a lot of my aunts and uncles live near him.
And I have one aunt that really looks after him a lot.
Yeah.
But, uh, my great-grandfather was put in a nursing home when he was a hundred and three.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, died six weeks after they put him in the home.
Yeah.
And I'm sure that kind of thing would influence your grandfather's feelings.
Because, uh, I you know, I think for a lot of people it really is the decision of, do they still have some of their life left.
And  and, for, for, I'm sure, a lot of people going into a nursing home it's like saying my life is over
Uh-huh.
and I'm just here for the rest of the stay
And so I, you know, I guess most of the time when I think about somebody going into a nursing home, it's more a case of where they are not able to look after their day-to-day needs.
Yeah
Uh-huh.
they have can look after a lot of things
but there's some of the day-to-day needs that they just are not able to deal with physically anymore.
Uh, I know my, none of my grandparents were in a nursing home.
They generally were able to have someone care for them at home
and they died
But they were all, goodness, younger than your grandparents
Like they were in their eighties. That type of thing
Uh, but I did, uh, you know, I guess,
uh, when I think nursing home I do think of people that are not able to do, take care of themselves physically.  Uh
But  I just don't think that nursing homes really do a very good job.
And that's, that's difficult part.
Because I think what they often get used as is, uh, almost like a very high level or long-term care for, uh, similar to a hospital.
Uh-huh.
Uh, I know, like here in Saskatchewan, we have our hospital care the care actually for the older people graded in level, in four levels.
And a level four type of care would be someone that really requires long-term hospital care. Generally are not able to look after themselves to very, to a very great extent, physically
Often times they even have mental difficulty with senility or Alzheimer's Disease or those or, or physical and mental handicaps. Uh, you know, where they really require twenty-four hour supervision of some kind  Even though  it may be minimal
Uh-huh.
And, uh, but I think that it can be helpful in that, uh, it gets people the level of physical care they need. Uh,
But I don't, I mean
at least, I mean I think some nursing homes do that.
But I think a lot of nursing homes really, uh, are guilty of neglect.
Yeah.
I and I think it happens more in areas where it's, uh, I guess, uh, a broad social medical system where, uh, you know, there's government medical care and that kind of thing.
If it's the lot where it's funded by the individuals
and, and I guess that's sort of my lack of understanding.
I think that a majority of the places in the U S, uh, you know, there is some government aid available,
but the majority is to the availability of the individual to pay
Uh-huh.
And, uh, if you're not able to look after yourself, then you have to rely,
