Well, actually, uh,
I, I don't think I'm in the, uh, majority of, in, in Texas
I don't think I agree with,
Oh really.
No.
You don't believe in it?
Uh, I wouldn't say that.
I think I would have said that a few years ago.
When I was younger I thought it was, uh, a sign of a civilized society if you didn't have, uh, capital punishment
but, um, uh, maybe slowly changing my opinion.
Yeah.
I'm not thoroughly opposed to it.
I still think it's sort of true that a more civilized society wouldn't have to use capital punishment
but I'm beginning to believe this is less civilized society than I thought
You sound a lot like a friend of mine. A a girl I hang out with.
Uh-huh.
She has very, very black and white opinions, you know.
There's no gray in her opinions, you know.
She, she probably would agree more with you
but, but I don't know.
I think I would rather a person go ahead and be put down than give them the opportunity to get out and do it again.
I've never had a, a punishment or a, a crime like a murder touch my immediate family
Uh-huh.
but I still feel very strongly that capital punishment is a good way to, to punish, especially criminals who seem to have absolutely no remorse for what they've done.
Yeah.
And we see that more and more.
Like in our state right now, there's a fourteen year old boy who raped and then killed a seven year old girl
Uh-huh.
you know, that's fourteen years old.
What's he going to be doing when he turns into an adult.
Yeah.
I certainly don't, uh, advocate turning people like that loose.
Yeah.
I'm not sure executing them, uh, does anymore than keeping them in jail,
but, uh,
No
it doesn't
but, it costs less.
Yeah.
That, that's  a factor.
And,  yeah,
to me it is.
I mean, I work and I pay my taxes
and I lived out in Texas for a little while
and they're
and that's a pretty heavy state compared to Georgia
I mean you guys are, are a lot more, uh, for to each his own even than we are in Georgia.
Right.
But even in Georgia that's the attitude for the most part.
If I work and pay my dues you work and pay your dues and we'd get along just fine.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
But when I've got to work to pay my dues and your dues then I don't like you very much  anymore.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I,
the cost is something
but it's, but I think it's relatively unimportant compared to what's the most effective way of, dealing with crime
and I guess I would like,
I don't know,
the European countries certainly, uh, none of them have capital punishment
and they  they don't have a crime problem either.
Oh, really.
No,
you can't,
they don't execute anybody in Britain or France
and I don't believe they do in Germany or Italy either
and they don't have the crime problems we do.
I don't really think that there is too much of a relationship between the two.
Yeah.
I guess what worries me about capital punishment is, uh, when I see people enthusiastic about it and, uh, uh, sort of bloodthirsty. I think it brings out the worst in the, in the people who do the punishing
and the,  that, that bothers me.
You might be right.
But it,
but, uh,
I mean I, I'd hate to be the person to pull the switch, you know,
I would never in a million years want that job
Huh.
but I do believe it's necessary
and I,
Yeah.
On the one hand I, I guess I admire the person who has the guts to do it because I couldn't I couldn't stand behind a gun and shoot somebody for nothing
Huh.
and I couldn't pull the switch
but,  uh,
Well actually  I,
the other thing that bothers me is when it becomes a political issue because I don't really think it, uh, I don't really think it's a very important aspect of fighting crime or law and order or anything else.
I think it just becomes a, uh, symbolic I'm tougher than you are type of emotional issue for politicians
so
Yeah.
I would like for it to be settled once for all and, uh, get in the background while the more important issues get discussed,  uh, uh,
Right.
Like I said, some years ago, I think I would have said there's no place for capital punishment in the, civilized western country.
Uh-huh.
Now I'm, I'm not so sure of that.
I'm, I, I wouldn't vote against somebody just because it was for capital punishment  and  nor the other way around.
What  what's making you become more convinced that it might be a  good way of punishing
Uh, I guess  I'm, I'm,
my view of uh,
my,
I'm beginning to believe that some people are simply not rehabilitatable and, uh, that, uh, uh, costs and other factors justify, uh, uh, executing people.
Yeah.
Maybe it's more a symbolic gesture that, uh, uh, than anything else
and, uh, I've also never been a victim although I have some, I have two friends whose wives were murdered
and, uh  I can imagine that, uh, uh, for some people it would be the only form of justice in that case.
Oh, gosh
Oh yes,
if it ever touched my
