Okay.
Go ahead.
Uh, well, you know, uh, I think public service is a worthy thing
and as a matter of fact there are a lot of programs, uh, such as Peace Corps that promote that.
Uh-huh
Probably the most popular one but, uh, one that is not typically recognized as such is the Boy Scouts.
Huh
Uh, I know that because my son is a, a scout now and, uh, is thinking about his Eagle
and, uh, in order to get Eagle, you have to have merit badges in, uh, citizenship in the community citizenship in the nation, citizenship in the world
Right .
and you have to do a public service project. Uh, in which leadership is the key element.
Uh-huh.
I, uh, I think the question is posed somewhat strangely because, uh, it's talking about a requirement for public service
Uh-huh
and, of course, the Peace Corps, the Boy Scouts is a, is a voluntary activity.
Right.
Uh,
I, I think that might be talking, referring to, uh, something, kind of, uh, alternative to the draft, you know.
Either you have, uh, military service or some sort of alternative, nonmilitary service  for a few years.
Right,
of course,  uh, uh, military service falls under the category, uh, of a public service.
Right,
right.
And, so, uh, one of the things that would fulfill the, at least the nominal, uh, qualifications set forth in the charge is military service or draft.
Huh . Right,
right.
Uh,
but I agree with you, that probably is not what was comprehended.
There are other  things such as civil service uh, which many people, uh, are lifelong employees of
Well,
Uh-huh.
Right.
but I suspect that was not what they had in mind either.
More  of a voluntary kind  of thing
Yeah.
or, uh,
Yeah,
yeah
for, for years there has been an idea batted around of having some sort of alternative, uh, public service for, uh, young people to go into, uh, after high school.
Uh-huh.
Uh, kind of in lieu of the draft for, for people who don't, uh, who, you know, are conscientious objectors or don't otherwise want to be in the military, you know.
Say, okay,
well you can go into the military
or you can do this other thing for one or two years to kind of serve the community and, and learn about things.
And it's interesting because I, I'm not a particular fan of the military
but I have seen a lot of people, a lot of young guys go in that don't have really a clue as to what they want to do with their lives and aren't terribly disciplined, you know, even just personal discipline about what they want to do
and they come out
and they, they at least have, now they have at least some marginally marketable skills and more discipline.
And they have, uh, you know, in, in some cases they have a greater self-esteem because they can say, they can see that, you know, if I do something or submit my own will to the will of the sargent or whatever, at least for a short period of time, I can accomplish a lot
and it, it's a good lesson for a lot of young men to learn. That they don't need to be, you know, cowboys.
They don't need to be out there and, uh, you know, constantly flaunting their ego to get things accomplished.
And, you know,  for some, for some young men, that's good.
For me, it would have been lousy idea, uh,  because  I, I did have the personal discipline.
Why?
And  I went  to college for four years and got out, you know,
Why is that?
so. But, uh, you know, for some people that's good.
I, I don't particular like the fact that it's the military, you know,
and the whole point of the military is to kill people essentially. As, as an instrument of U S  policy.
Oh, no,
no,
no.
It's to defend the nation against external evils.
Well, that's one view
And, and, you know, and that, that's another debate.
But, uh, it's, uh,
Well, it depends on whether you, whether we figure that we have that we have a defense oriented military or an aggressive, aggression oriented military.
Uh-huh.
Right,
right
and, well, it's, it, it seems pretty aggressive oriented,
I mean, you, you look at the last military action which was in the Persian Gulf and wasn't anywhere near the United States
and it was, uh, you know, it was definitely a projection of U S power on the other side of the globe,
so, at, at any rate, this is getting off the topic
but
my, my point was that there is, for people who don't want to do the military service, there, it would be neat if there were an alternative that could instill the same sort of personal discipline and sense of purpose and, uh, sense of community that the Boy Scouts,
