Go ahead
Uh, have you every been tested for a new job or anything?
Uh, no
I haven't.
But, in my job, I'm a nurse, and we are allowed to be.
I mean, you know, this is the rules that they can do this anytime.
Uh, I don't know of anyone who ever has been picked out and been tested.
So it's just sort of, uh,
they can if they,
They can if they choose to.
Oh, okay.
Right.
Have you, well have you had any experience with it at all?
Uh, not really
but I've always worked on a university level
but a lot of my friends had to be tested before they got summer jobs and stuff.
Uh-huh.
So what do you think about that?
Uh, I don't, I don't think they're very accurate
because, I mean, I know their lifestyles changed prior to the drug test
and I know they changed afterwards.
Right,
right.
See I know of that too.
And I also know that things like antihistamines, Sudafeds, things like that, can really throw it off.
And you cannot get a job because of it Uh-huh.
Yeah,
I, I had a friend,
it didn't cause her any problems with her job
but it came back that she tested positive for using a hallucinogen.
But what it was, was she had been she had been, uh, in the jungle
and it was some Malaria medication
and she tested positive for that.
See, and so it really is a dangerous thing that way
because I know of somebody that tested for an airline and didn't get the job
and they weren't told why.
But a lot of people say the reason why, after you take a physical, will be because of the drug testing
or they would tell you.
Or this person never use any drugs.
See, I always,
I thought they got, you got called back if you tested positive, for more tests.
Uh, you should.
Because you should be given another chance or at least be able to justify it or something.
I have real mixed feelings about it.
I don't know.
How, do you know how wrong they are?
Are they, I mean, is there a  margin of error?
The accuracy?
I don't know.
I don't know.
But, I know there are a lot of things that can influence them
and I think that a person deserves a second chance with it or something because most things will stay in your system for a long time.
Yeah.
And if you could show that,
I, I interviewed for a job recently
and I was taking Entex. And my doctor gave me a prescription for it.
Uh-huh.
And he said this way if it were to make the drug test positive, you have proof that your doctor ordered this for you, you know.
And it didn't come up that I needed to do it
but this could happen to anybody
and if they would just say oh, this person's drug test is positive we won't hire them you know. Then you could lose out on a job when really you didn't do anything.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I don't know.
And I, I'm not  so sure they are that needed. *b
Yeah,
I'm not  sure either.
The only way I can see it is that if they really suspect a person of using it, then they have the right to go ahead and prove it
because they say they can spot check.
if you're using it while at a job, I can see a problem.
Yeah.
But the occasional person, then it's almost like, it's almost an infringement of your privacy.
Well, it sort of is.
And this is it,
this,
I'm not real sure how I feel about it because I can see it from two ways.
You know, as a health professional, I wouldn't want somebody to take care of me that was using drugs.
Yeah.
You know, so as a patient, I feel well, yeah, we probably should be protected.
But, on the other hand, there's a lot of things I should be protected from that they don't test my patients for too.
So you know, I guess you sort of, you have to have trust some place along the way.
Yeah.
You can't go around testing everybody for everything.
Yeah
So, I don't know.
And I, I think it could be used to hassle somebody.
If someone was out to get you, I think that a company or a boss could use this.
You know, they could keep on doing this to you or something, I guess.
I can see where it could become a problem.
And it, it's like, it seems like now they have tests
I guess they can test your hair
and they can find out if you use drugs up to several years ago.
Really. maybe you shouldn't be held responsible for something you did several years ago. *sv
So,
I know.
That's the other thing.
I mean a lot of, a lot of people as kids or, you know, young people get into some things that they get out of later on
and I don't think they should really have to pay for that forever.
Yeah.
There's a lot of things you do as a kid  that  you wouldn't do as an adult
Yeah.
but  you can't say it was  wrong at the time.
I think that's true.
Yeah,
yeah.
So that probably wouldn't be too good either.
