I , uh, try to stay away from cars as much as possible  in terms of  repair.
Actually, uh, that is really a sore spot with me.
I, I think perhaps the automotive industry is improving
but, uh, like ten years ago, uh, reliability of automobiles, at least U S automobiles was pretty dismal
and not only that, but the, uh, repair capability of, uh, service departments and dealerships was equally dismal
Uh-huh.
and, uh, it seemed that the only way I could reliably take care of my car was to repair it myself which is not my cup of tea.
Yeah.
But, uh, I,
So do you have a car?
Pardon?
Do you have a car?
Well, at that time, actually, I had a Volkswagen Rabbit
Uh-huh.
and, uh, it was, it was a real lemon.
Uh, subsequently I got a, uh, Buick Century
and it wasn't as bad.
Uh-huh.
But, uh, last year I bought a Honda Accord
and I take it in once every seventy-five hundred miles for its periodic maintenance
and that is it.
And it's wonderful.
Yeah.
We used to have a Honda Accord
and they're good.
They're really good cars.
Every time I get taken to an auto repair place, you know, every time I go, I get taken.
Bad you know.
Huh.
Woman goes in
and they go all right, we got a sucker.
Let's see how much money we can get out of her,  you know
Huh.
That's what happens every time.
Huh.
Uh, so,
So,  what do you have?
I have a Pontiac Six Thousand.
All the more reason to, uh, have a, a Honda.
Yeah.
But our Honda just got old and just wore out.
It was, let's see, eleven years old
and it just, just out of it
so you bought a Pontiac?
huh-uh.
My uh, ex-husband's,
this is, just happened a couple of weeks ago.
He's my ex-husband
but just a few months ago when he was my husband, uh, his father gave us this car
and everything is wrong with it.
I mean, the power steering fluid leaks, the oil leaks, the brake fluid leaks,  you know,
Now
how old is the car?
Uh, eighty-seven.
Huh.
And he just doesn't take care of things
and but I was awarded the car
so. There is a man in my church that is a mechanic
and I can trust him.
So he is trying to get, you know, things fixed on it.
Huh.
But it's just, you know, leak, leak, leak everywhere.
But, uh, you know, I hate to go into a, a repair place because they'll tell me something is wrong with it and it's not, you know, and charge me twice as much.
The last time I took it into a repair shop,
the man told me I needed a master cylinder.
So I said okay.
And he charged me a hundred and thirty something dollars
and then, uh, about a month later, a man was looking at my car
and he asked me,
you know, not a man, not a repair man, but just a friend
and I was telling him that I just a new master cylinder put on
and he looked at
and he said that's not a new master cylinder
Huh.
and I didn't even know what one was.
And, uh, he showed it to me
and it was old, rusty, just awful.
It was no more new than nothing.
So apparently it was the same one that was on there.
Uh, more than likely.
Apparently just, uh, uh, probably filled the, the brake fluid up
and that was it.
That was it, probably.
It was
I was so irritated.
And that's happened to me more than once or twice. just, just about every time I've went in somewhere.
So what's the solution to that? I guess find a reputable service,
And, and you can hardly find one,  you know.
Huh.
The guy that's doing most of my, my car now, uh, goes to my church
and that's the only reason, you know, I go to him because I know him
Uh-huh.
and I know he will tell me the truth.
Because he doesn't even charge me for, for doing it
so he's not going to, you know, take me.
Right.
I just pay for the parts
and he does it so.
Well that's wonderful.
Yeah.
You're lucky.
Yeah,
I am,
so, I don't know.
I don't know what the solution to that is because the place where you buy your car, they're usually the worst one of all.
We took our Honda to the Honda dealership
and they ended up telling us we needed a brand new engine for our car.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
And so, idiots as we were, neither one of us knew much about cars,
we, you know, they told us we just had to have one
and we bought one.
We didn't no more need no new engine,
give me break, you know.
Huh.
So it was, it was not good
and, uh
