Actually, I'm in,
like I said, I'm in Minneapolis
and the big thing up here, of course, is the twins.  Uh,
I  imagine you can't escape it
No,
it's, it's pretty pervasive.
It kind of goes into about all aspects of society I think up here.
But, uh, actually, I don't know how much of the World Series you caught last year,
but that was a lot of fun .
Well, of course, it was fun for you
Well, to be honest with you, I'm not from Minneapolis.
In fact, I've only been up here a few months
and I'm going back at the end of next month.
To?
Uh, Orlando, Florida.
Oh, really.
So I'm not exactly a real Twins fan from birth or anything.
But,
I was born and raised in, uh, near Miami and, uh,  spent the  last twenty years in Dallas uh, where the Rangers played.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
Uh-huh.
And, uh,  for the  last, uh, what, year, roughly year, I've been in San Francisco where there are two teams. The Oakland A and the San Francisco Giants.
Right.
Uh, but honestly, you know, I, uh, I do my duty and watch the sports  on, uh,  the newscasts
Oh, okay.
but that's about all the exposure I have to sports.
Yeah,
I haven't followed it real closely at all. Uh, except like I said, last year when the World Series rolled around, I did, I did follow that pretty religiously.
Went out into the bars, you know drank a beer, watched the game, had a a good time that way.
Uh-huh
sure.
But, uh,
Well, I  guess the, uh, San Francisco Giants and the Oakland A were like the leading teams a couple of years ago.
Is that right?
Well, I
well I don't know.
That's sort of what I gather.
Uh-huh.
Um, and, uh, I don't know.
What is the prognosis for, uh, this year?
Uh, real good as far as I can tell.
People  are pretty excited about it.
Good.
I, I  assume that means good for the Minnesota
Well yeah
Sorry about that,
yeah.
Uh, as far as the Twins are concerned, it seems to be real good.
Uh, my roommate went and saw them play on their season opener a couple of nights ago
and they, they won that one seven to one,
so, uh, that's pretty good I guess.
It looks like they'll be doing pretty well.
Are you still there?
Yep
Okay.
I heard some noise on the line.
Didn't know what happened.
I think a train went by.
Oh, okay.
All  right.
I  know a train went by,
I don't know what the noise was
but I think it probably was the, the train.
Yeah.
Well, I don't know.
I, I, I don't even know, uh, who has been winning in, uh, as far as the, uh, San Francisco Giants and the Oakland A
but I think they both won their opener.
I, uh, sort of gathered that in my, uh, subliminal memory.
Uh-huh
Well maybe that has, has good tidings for their, uh, for their season coming up.
I've actually got a friend that's living in San Francisco right now.
Uh, he's doing the same thing I'm doing which is, basically, uh, an internship.
We, we're both doctoral students
and  he's  doing his with I B M
Huh.
and I'm doing mine with Honeywell.
But, uh, I, I think he kind of follows the sports
and I think he's mentioned uh, the Oakland A a couple of times.
Uh  he may have watched them and seemed to think that they were pretty good.
Uh-huh.
I guess they are different leagues.
Is that right?
The  A
As far  as I know,
yeah.
Yeah .
And  in the major leagues, I guess there is a couple of different divisions
and then, of course, there's the minors.
Uh, I don't know.
I, I guess I'm one of those people that if I really made a concentrated effort, I could really probably get into baseball.
Uh-huh.
Uh, but I was talking to my roommate a couple of nights ago, right after that game,
and he offered, you know, to take me to one of the games because, apparently, he'd bought, uh, he and four other people from Honeywell had bought a seat, or a row of seats actually,  for the home games.
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
But the thing is, there's like eighty-six home games per year.
So there's no, no way that you can ever use them all.
Eighty-six?
Eighty-six.
I was amazed to hear that.
Huh!
You know, that's just the home games
and I, I thought it was a mistake
but he goes no  .
Well they  must play every day then.
Yeah.
Well just about,
yeah.
I mean eighty-six times two is a hundred sixty.
Yeah.
And that's, you know,
yeah
that's almost,
And that's,  Lord, that's, uh, over five months worth.
That's a lot of baseball.
Even if they play every day, that's over five months worth.
Well, you, if you, if you consider it, the season starts,
well it's,
the season started about a week and a half ago
and it ends with the World Series which usually takes place, I believe, in December or January.
No.
Yeah,
I think so.
It did last year, didn't it?
Or was it  November?
That  was the Super Bowl.
Maybe it was November I'm thinking about.
I know it was doggone cold up here. Uh,
I don't feel so bad.
I think you, you don't know all that much more than I do about baseball
Well, I know  for sure it was,
I see,
okay.
And,  and it was at least two months after I got up here.
Oh, really,
okay  .
Yeah,
so it had to be November anyway.
Well, I, I know, uh, the Super Bowl,
