Okay.
So, what is your opinion on, on drug testing?
Well I can see it in certain cases where it might be, uh, somebody's in a position that, uh, perhaps a lot of lives are involved, like, maybe, uh, pilots that, uh, you know, fly jets
and, uh, maybe people that have a lot of responsibility over a large mass of people.
I could certainly see it being done
but, in general, uh, you know,
whether companies want to do this
and I know that companies do.
Like factory workers that have lots of accidents are now being drug tested.
I know a couple of corporations that are doing that.
Uh, so, you know, they kind of have gotten into the idea that let's drug test them and let's put them through rehab.
But there's got to be like a limitation.
Do we drug test everybody that comes in
and or do we kind of say, well you can be drug tested
and you look okay because you look this way.
You're, you're very conservative
and, and there's just no way that we would think that you would use drugs
but the guy that doesn't fit the stereotype of, uh, the conservative or whatever could be drug tested.
And,
uh, you know, whether legal rights and, of that person,
I don't know.
There's certainly a lot of things to really consider, uh, when you get into drug testing people just at the work place unless, of course, like I said, they have a large responsibility over a mass of people
uh, that's about it.
Well, yeah,
it, it, it's just not the
you're talking about company's liability.
Uh-huh,
uh-huh.
If, if, uh, if the company is liable for something that, that, a employee does while under the influence of, of a drug, you know, then by all means they should have  the right to, to, to, to  to minimize their liability.
Sure,
sure.
And I think that's  what companies are doing, uh, more and more because there are products that are out there.
And there's also the case about just, uh, uh, health, health and welfare of the, uh, employees.
Uh-huh.
If a company has a healthy work force,  their  insurance rates are low.
Exactly.
Sure,
sure.
And  not only not only low, there's all sorts of a, of a benefits, uh, financial benefits  associated  with having, you know, having people file fewer claims,  being sick.
Sure.
Exactly.
The only thing is,
There, there's the whole question that, that a, that a work force that is known not to be on drugs is going to be more healthy
I  don't think anybody  would argue with that.
Exactly.
Exactly.
The only thing is, uh,
the one issue that I would take stands with is the fact that the drug testing itself can be done on a person that is actually not on drugs and come out positive.
Right.
If they have had like, uh, medications in the past, let's say, once a month or twice a month or three times a month or maybe that week they take an Advil
and the Advil will, apparently, come out positive as if they smoked marijuana.
Right.
Uh, and there's poppy seed type things.
I think that everybody is aware of that
but, uh, where's the line where you, where you say to somebody, I'm going to drug test you tomorrow
so please do not take these medications
or where's,
you know how can  how you can do it?
Well,
the
Right.
The question becomes what do you do about somebody who tests, who tests positive.
Exactly.
that's where the real sticking point comes in.
Uh-huh.
It's not,
I don't think there's any problem with testing people.
Sure.
It's what do you do with the information?
Sure.
Exactly.
and the only thing that I would say on that is it could blacklist an employee later on.
Let's say, uh, you've taken medication of some sort, even though they usually have you, at the time, list what medications you've taken.
Uh, let's say you do come out positive
and you've taken Advil or any of the Ibuprofen products out there.
Or you've had a cold
and you've been on medication or whatever,
you come out positive.
Is it then the chance that the employer will look at you in more of a negative fashion and say well, you know, this is kind of iffy, you know,
are they really on drugs
or, or they on drugs,
you know what I'm saying.
Where  there might be in the back of the mind of the employer that this person, uh, is on drugs
Right.
or make up, they may make up their mind that let's get rid of this employee,
you know  what I'm  saying?
Right.
Well, yeah.
I think clearly, the person who is the line the line manager
Uh-huh.
the employee should not be privy to the information of drug testing.
That should go to an entirely different, uh, agency within a corporation.
Exactly.
Uh,
And  it's a,
they can that the,
if it does come out positive the first time, they need to go back and find out what medications did that person take,
you know what I mean?
It, it's kind of like, uh,
I think most people are aware, at least now, common knowledge is that
