Uh, I think, uh, actually I'm fairly pleased with the benefits that we have at the, uh, working for a large corporation.
And, for me, there's absolutely no question what's the most important benefit I think it's health care.
Right.
It's what,
I think everybody would say that.
Oh, and if you try to get it outside of your corporation, you're going to pay an arm and a leg.
Right.
Belonging to a group is the, belonging to a health group is probably the most important protection you can have  after you,
Right.
Uh, the, uh,
sometimes I think it's more important than salary.
Uh, do you also get dental?
Yes.
And, uh, I don't know if I would rank that second
but, uh, since I have three boys, uh, it, it can turn out to be important.
Yeah,
you know
Oh,  I know.
in a, in a given year, dental dental expenses can really kill you.
Now my husband is with, uh, Northwest Airlines
and he gets, uh, you know, the full health and dental
and, uh, we have four children
and what you pay just to have teeth cleaned is outrageous.
Right.
And I don't know how people that don't have it can afford it.
Right.
It's, uh,
Or maybe they don't
Right,
uh, and then, uh, uh, if the cleaning doesn't get you, the orthodony will.
That's right
That's right
Uh, I guess that would be up there.
Uh, I'm not sure if I would rank, uh, how I would rank that next to, say compared to retirement
or, uh, uh, uh, pretax savings was another thing that I think is a a great, a great benefit  .
Uh-huh.
Right.
And I, I think it's really something that the, uh, the government ought to encourage more because, uh, there are all these complaints about how we're not a saving country  and  where the average savings rate is something like four percent in this country and fifteen percent in, uh, Germany and Japan.  Uh ,
Right.
Well,  it's a lot easier to, to save it when you don't get your hands on it first
Right.
When you  have the, when you have the, uh, the economy to scale and everything that a large corporation has, and you can, uh, offer some incentive
and if the government goes along by not taxing it when you put it aside you can really build up, uh, the savings and the, that you wouldn't otherwise do
Right.
and ,
Uh, what  about, what about, uh, lesser, uh, benefits perhaps for you but for, for the women in the, in the corporation.
For example, uh, oh,
Leave?
Yeah.
Do they even, do they have father leaves or anything like that?
You know, I, I don't think so yet.
They may have, uh, just plain parental leave, which either one can take.
Uh-huh.
Uh, I, their, uh, I know their maternity leave is on the order of six weeks which I think is too short. Uh
Oh, I do too.
uh, uh, I really think that we need to get into the mold where we talk about years rather than months or weeks.
Oh, I think, I think it's just a crying shame, uh, for a mother to have to go back to work at six weeks.
Right,
and, uh,
She isn't recovered
And, uh  the infant needs her  desperately,  at that point and time.
There ,
There ought to be, uh, uh, some compromise that could, where, uh, where the person would be guaranteed a, uh, career type position but not necessarily a continuation of exactly the same position uh, in exchange for a longer period of time.
Uh-huh.
Right,
I agree.
It's, uh, it's so important to families then
and, uh, and yet anybody who's gotten far enough to get a good salary is really reluctant to give that up.
Oh, sure.
Uh,
Especially in this day and age.
That,
You don't want to start over again anywhere.
Yeah,
you're right.
I think you've put your finger on the one benefit that I, that I would most like to see, uh, changed Uh, the, uh, parental leave.
Well, I think they're at, they're they've come a long way.  Uh,  at least some companies. Some of them, uh, my girlfriend, in particular, that works for a, a rental car agency
Right.
and, uh, as manager and, uh, they have a very, very poor leave policy
and, uh, I just don't know how, how women do it.
Particularly, single parents who don't have the support at the other end. Uh,
Right
They do it by shortchanging their kids.
There's no other way. I mean  uh, unless they're part of some extended family which is unlikely. Uh
That's right.
That's exactly right.
Right.
people moving as much
And, uh, they just, it's just a terrible choice,
you shouldn't have to make it.
Uh-huh.
Uh you're right.
And, uh
One of the benefits we get, of course, is travel
Oh, right.
Boy,
would I like to have that.
It's wonderful
Yeah.
The only trouble is that you can afford to go anywhere
but you can't afford to stay once you get there
Oh, listen I have friends in a lot of different cities.
If you just fly me there,
I'll  take care of that
That's right.
You have to have an awful lot of fun
just, just getting there, is, has to be half the fun.
Right.
So and, uh, I guess the,
