Regarding, uh, taxes. I, you know,
taxes are really a necessary evil and, in a civilized society.
But really, people get upset at taxes because you, it's more efficient to do things yourself.
Right.
And, uh, and so as, as a result, uh, you know, it's, it's a trade-off, you know, for the common good, you know. For, for the benefit of others, you know.
How much of your resource should you dedicate to, uh, making things work for others?
Have you, uh, you know, ever thought, you know, just how much of that money should, should go to other people that really don't deserve it?
Uh, well yeah
I know it's, it's a lot, you know that, uh, that I feel like, you know, just like you said, that, there's just so much that you can do yourself. That you take care of your own self that you don't need the money for
but they're giving it to other people that don't really need it either,
but yet they accept it.
Well, the thing of it is, if I wanted to just, uh, you know, permanently become a book reader, I guess I could just, uh, you know, uh, go on public assistance, uh, you know   look for, uh, look for people to, uh, take care of me.
Like so many people  do.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, probably a good woman,
right?
Right
Just, you know, just, just con somebody to take care of me.
And then you don't have to be on the tax roll.
Right.
But, uh, but taxes are, are very difficult kind of thing
and everybody really hates it.
It was very timely.
I, I, I always over pay my, my deductions
so I wind up with my, getting money back on my, uh, from my, uh, withholding.
Uh-huh.
So, uh, you know, that, that's always a smile.
But, of course, you know, I've, I've paid it in
and I should calculate it better.
Right
You  are you in business for yourself?
No.
I, I, I work for the F B I.
So I, I'm a federal employee.
Right.
Yeah.
Guess I don't sound like it huh?
Uh, well, I
no
I think that people that work for the government are just as against taxes as, as everybody else,  you know.  Unless you work for Internal Revenue
Yeah,
I belong .
Oh I, I've got all four feet in the trough, you know, being a federal employee.
Yeah.
And, and so, but, but I can understand that, uh, that, you know, the, uh, who gets benefits.
Like every, every time there is a, a bond issue you know, I vote no on every one of them.
Uh-huh.
Right.
I'm, I,
but there,
this is, this is, tax not tax revolt country.
I mean there's too many,
every one of us, most of us have our, have all four feet in the trough, you know. Plus our snout, right up to our ears.
Yeah.
So, you know, it's not exactly that kind of a place that, that you want to, you know, get into a tax revolt situation.
Right.
But, uh, uh, the, uh, the local taxes here, I, I,
in this particular area, uh, you know, I've, uh, I think I pay about, uh, oh thirty-five hundred for, for taxes on my four bedroom house, you know. And which is a lot of money.
Right.
and, uh, and so as, as people get older and older, uh, you know, they think about retirement and that sort of thing
Uh-huh.
and, and they, they're building old people's homes, uh, you know, at tax expense.
Well I think, you know, the old people ought to just bail out of here and go where it's cheaper.
At thirty-three hundred dollars or thirty-five hundred dollars I'm paying in taxes,
why I, I could go down to Bulverde and probably rent a, rent a house for that,
right?
Yeah,
that's right.
You know. In, in, instead, it's, it's the taxes here
so.
Yeah.
Course I don't know whether I want to go to Bulverde or not, you know or Seguin or someplace like that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But, uh, there's certainly lots of inexpensive places where the services are poorer.
And, and I think really the only place you can really reduce the amount of taxes you pay is to move to an area where the services are poorer.
If you're not going to use them, then you want to be in, in environment.
That's a strategy I think that the people have to, have to take. Is, is how to be able to, to lessen their cost of living. You know,
I'm, I'm five or six years before I'm eligible to retire
and, and I'm saying well, you know, I really can't stay here,  uh, as a retiree.
After you retire,
yeah.
It's too expensive.
Yeah.
I'm going to have go out and, you know, in, you know, East Fork someplace. And, and, do my thing, you know.
Right.
My parents are in the same situation, you know.
They, their home is paid for
but still their taxes are so high, that, you know, my father doesn't feel like he can retire because they couldn't pay their taxes.
And they have no children in school or, you know, anything now.
They don't use any of those services that a lot of the taxes go towards.
Right.
They, they redecorated in nineteen seventy-five, you know.
Uh, yeah.
And they're not doing it again, you know.
Yeah.
So. Well, it's certainly, uh, uh,
you must be a T I employee.
You must be what?
You must be a T I employee?
No,
I'm not
You're not a T I,
who do you work for?
I, I don't work.
I'm a student.
I go to school.
I'm in nursing school
You, you're,
