Uh, I don't know.
My personal perception of government and, uh, the way things are at this current time, is that nobody can really be trusted.
And I don't feel that too many of the candidates are out there to, uh, be self-serving to the community.
I think that they have their own, uh, wishes to, uh, be in the limelight and to kind of say, hey, you know, I'm a public official, I don't have to do, uh, certain things
and they just stand out more. Involving themselves more and more with politics
but it's really,
after all the things that I've seen in the last ten years about government and now the overdrafts, uh, of checks, uh, before that it was the wonderful, uh, escapade that they had with, uh, the new, uh, oh God , chief of, uh,
well Supreme Court,
I'm trying to think of his name and, uh, what they put, uh, him through in  regards to,
Thomas?
Yeah,
Thomas.
Uh-huh.
The sex, sexual harassment, that kind of thing and just to see our government react to that and then just little things that have added up where people have taken vacations on taxpayers' monies and things like that.
I, I just think it's very corrupt and in whether or not they need to start with people that are extremely poor, and send them into government versus people that are rich.
But it's always the rich person that gets into government. That has the money to advertise, the money to to do this.
There's no more Abe, Abraham Lincolns out there, uh, that can get into government, even if they were poor.
So, I know that's my personal viewpoint of things.
Doesn't Wisconsin have a, uh, state, uh, Medicare program or  health program?
Now, they  just, uh, they've already put through the health bill
Yes.
It just went through
and it was passed
and that is going to be a heavier tax burden on a lot of the taxpayers and a little bit more on to the medical.
Uh, I don't know if that was done out of just let's be the first state to do it or if it was done really for the needs of the people.
You know what I'm saying?
It, it's,
right now every little state around here is thinking about oh we need to reform the health, uh, system
and, of course, they think, uh, Wisconsin, our or Minnesota, our neighbor, passed a state law, the health bill
and it's kind of like we're the first to do it.
So, I don't know if it's done because we're, we want to be standing out as being innovative in the health system or whether it was done for, uh, you know, a real good purpose to help people that can't afford, uh, health insurance, that  kind of thing.
Right.
Well, I, I think the, one of the biggest problems that, uh, we see in government today is a reflection of society in and of itself.
Uh-huh.
Oh, sure.
And that  is, uh, uh, we become so debt ridden and credit oriented instead of, uh, cash and carry or debt free
Oh, sure.
Uh-huh.
and therefore, uh, that puts a lot of undue pressure on municipalities, state and federal governments.
It, it sure does.
And  I think it, it is reflecting.
Like you said I think society as a whole, uh, you can't expect, uh,
when we have T V and we have things that are kind of bombarded at us for, uh, you know, immorality and this and this and this, that we can expect somebody to come off that's going to be clean, totally clean And come into government.
Right.
Uh, but down the line it does hurt.
I mean when somebody's corrupt and somebody's doing something, it's, uh, you know, it does hurt each individual of the society when you find out that somebody's done something or the overdraft policy or, you know, the other things that have occurred,
so, uh,
Well, what is,
see the thing is, is when a lot of things become acceptable practice uh, it's hard to discern the what has become muddy as to what is ethical and what is not ethical.
Uh-huh.
And then  someone blows the whistle and says, oh, this is not ethical and yes I did it too.
Exactly.
Yeah
Well, that's exactly what happens in government all the time.
They blow the whistle on each other.
Oh, I hear that you're doing this,
I've done it
but oh boy,
and it's not going to get out.
yeah,
exactly. It's, uh,
there's no  secrets in the government.  Uh  I don't think anymore.
Yeah,
we just had,
Uh.
Right.
The mayor of Dallas is, uh, Bartlett,  Steve Bartlett.
Uh-huh.
He also, uh, was a congressman. Uh, to the, uh, to Congress.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
And he had been in that position for years.
Sure.
And, uh, he was elected mayor of Dallas overwhelmingly.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
However, if the vote was taken today, the whole thing might change because he was part of that, uh, check kiting scam
Oh, sure.
I think, I, I don't think, uh
