Uh, in Texas they do have the, uh, capital punishment
and, uh, I, I I, I'm probably one that has to agree with it too.
Uh, there
some things that go on that I just feel that I, I, just feel, that, that, that is a need.
I don't know.
A lot of people don't feel that way either
but I just feel that
Well I don't know how much publicity it's gotten outside of the state
but California we just put somebody to death uh, for, I think it was a double murder.
Uh-huh.
Uh, to be honest, I didn't pay that much attention, uh, to the details of it. Uh,
but it had a lot of controversy out here.
Uh, basically, because in California people like to protest about everything.
Uh, but I agree,
I believe that, that there are a number of crimes that capital punishment is the best way to go.
Uh-huh
Uh, the big disagreement I have is that in California, the appeals process, uh, is so extensive and takes so long that you end up spending a huge amount of money in like ten to fifteen years before you can actually, you know, put somebody to death for,  for a crime.
Yeah.
Yeah,
that is a consequence,
yeah.
And, I mean, that's, that's ridiculous.
I mean if you can, you know, the trial is supposed to prove, you know, within a reasonable doubt that the person is guilty,
and then they have appeals.
Well, that's fine
but it shouldn't take more, than a few years.
I mean, I  should think  two or three years maximum, you should be able to know
Right.
and you should be able to either put the guy to death
or he's innocent.
I mean  it's, if he's guilty for, for, you know, multiple murders or whatever the case may be you know.
Right.
Uh-huh.
Well maybe that's something that needs to be worked on.
Yeah.
But I, I just feel that, that capital punishment needs to stay within the system.
Not all states have them
but I, you know, was that, was that the, I'm not sure if that was in,
was that the man that, that claimed he was abused
or,
Yeah,
he was like, uh,
the   the  defense, the defense they're were giving, given was that, uh, like his mother had, had been an alcoholic when,  when she was  pregnant with him
And that he had
he ,
Oh, yeah.
and so he, he wasn't, you know, mentally competent or anything else. Which is ridiculous,
Yeah.
and, and the court found him competent, uh,
and he knew what he was doing and everything else.
I mean you know, it was, it was the best defense they could come up with.
Yeah.
And how long had he been appealing
How long was that?
I forget.
I think it was something like twelve years  or something.
Gosh.
Boy.
It was, it was something really outrageous.
Yeah
Boy. Well, I mean
and it seems like it, it rarely does happen.
You know, it's not, it's not used that often you know. At least here in Texas
Yeah.
but I think it's something that needs to stay.
I really do
I think in general, uh, punishment in the United States is a lot weaker than it should be.
I mean, it needs to be, you know,
it's kind of like the, the justice system in the United States is kind of like the dog poops on the carpet
and you wait three months
and then you put his nose in it and spank him for it. You know.
Yeah.
I mean there, there's no connection between the two.
Right,
right.
Yeah.
I mean you take these, you know, most of the people who are committing violent crimes, most of them, not all by any means,
but, you know, a large percentage are the kind of people who are living very much day to day in the first place.
Uh-huh.
Uh, they don't really see past next week much less next year.
Uh-huh.
And to say, you know, well if I kill somebody then a decade from now, I might face the punishment.
Yeah.
That's not real.
It doesn't have any real impact on them.
My sister and I were wondering about this recently because a, an old friend of ours in California, this happened about a week ago.
Uh-huh.
Uh, her husband just killed her
and we're wondering if that has an effect.
If that, if something, does capital punishment, you know, does it happen with that, within that, uh,
I don't know
Uh, you mean, would he be put to death for that?
Right.
Uh, largely depends on the circumstances
and generally, you know, from what I understand, it's, it's only the most brutal types of things usually.
Where it's multiple, you know.
I think you're right.
If, if they can say things like, you know, well he was just, you know, temporarily insane because of, some domestic squabble then you know, they'll, they'll give him, you know, twenty years with, with parole in, in twelve or something like that
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And, uh, I have an uncle that is an attorney that defends people
